"Tamil Nadu I liked much more, not so crowded"	1									
In restaurants the food is served on palm leaves	1									
"absolutely gorgeous, with the palms, rice paddies, mountains in the distance, and it is just so lush and verdant and fertile that it fills you up with so much positive energy"	1									
" Everyone was wearing their best clothes. Women were very attractive in their deeply dyed, gold-edged saris. "	1									
"ultra-modern, large restaurant with an excellent buffet featuring a wide variety of Indian foods"	1									
" Because of the Pongal holiday, no one was working in the fields. Often women were wearing red saris in celebration, and sometimes men were wearing red shirts. "	1									
"From over 12,000 rupees down to 9500 rupees ($190)"	0									
It was one of the best chicken dishes I have ever eaten	1									
 it wasn't a very comfortable bus. The driver was a lunatic who kept trying to overtake when there was clearly no chance of making it. 	0									
 I was not best pleased and had a right moan at the bloke in charge.	0									
"The buffet lunch was good, with lots of variety, but we had been spoiled by some previous spectacular buffet meals"	1									
 Horn blowing while driving is like some form of tourettes 	0									
The cleaning ladies at the guest house all drew designs outside the door 	1									
Our trip from Madurai to Ooty was a bumpy one. The roads were so narrow	0									
" We had breakfast first, variety was that great."	1									
 our pre-booked vehicle was waiting for us.	1									
We had lunch (typical south indian Thali) and it was absolutely delicious and cheap! 	1									
 the owner showed us how Kancheepuram (famous worldwide) silk is being made. 	1									
Chennai itself was a crowded city with horns blazing 	0									
The people are very warm.	1									
"The interior of the train is somewhat worn and the windows are dirty,"	0									
the seats are comfortable in the train. 	1									
"Trouble was, of course, that people were trying to get on the train at the same time. "	0									
The train was late	0									
 traffic was bad 	0									
 bit later for a toilet in a hotel (very clean squat toilet).	1									
"we battled horrendous roads – some under construction, some thoroughly deteriorated."	0									
 which was smoky pollution all the way to the top. Very disconcerting.	0									
At Coonoor we got on a small train to climb to Ooty.	1									
"well-served set menu dinner, which included delicious white fish, fried in butter. "	1									
" it only took one look and we almost ran out of the hostel. Next one: full, next one: full, next one: full..."	0									
" we went to the neighbour, where we were so nicely welcomed"	1									
" In that first restaurant, we discovered the joys of eating with your hands: your food is served on a banana leaf, and whatever you order is thrown on that leaf,"	1									
"real coffee, Indian coffee, with loads and loads of real milk. Yum, yum. "	1									
the people there were so nice	1									
" that we are tourists, as they have some special quotas for tourists and you usually get a bed or a seat on the train."	1									
we could not get any money from the ATM	0									
"when we wanted to pay by card, they wanted to charge an extra 2%."	0									
it was actually quite comfy the sleeper bunk in train	1									
surprisingly peaceful and a very clean city	1									
the food was quite good 	1									
had a particularly torrid time in the morning by having to deal with an unusually uncooperative group	0									
"The temple was full of chanting worshippers (some, including women, with fully shaven heads) and holy men who often appeared in a trance like state. The spirituality and devotion of the worshippers was really quite moving,"	1									
" is over populated, noisy, smelly, manic, chaotic and really bloody noisy"	0									
" we didn’t actually say this but we certainly made it clear we would not pay 450 rps (about 5.50 GBP) for two beers. Beer ranges in price but typically you pay between 75-150rps (1-2 GBP) per beer, "	0									
The only downside to the place was the constent power cuts	0									
had an American Dinner which served bacon and sausage for breakfast	1									
"wherever you travel, you have buses in quick intervals."	1									
I was surprised with this 'suburb hospitality' 	1									
This is what I like about The Tamilians that they never show what they have. 	1									
 This vehicle was overflowing with local crowds.	0									
but got very disappointed by the crowd 	0									
One riksha man was offering us to bring us to the beach for 10 Rupees.now he said That will be 50 Rupees	0									
To have a bath there is not recommended because many litter is put into the sea.	0									
" I was a bit surprised, that such a huge city has no outdoor shops."	0									
 there is still the problem that some families are still forced to ruin theirselves for the marriage of their daughter.	0									
 He finally bought a bike that was much more expensive than the original one	0									
It is so tasty and cheap 	1									
 In Kodaikanal there was very often power breakdown.	0									
The streets were very bad so that we had to ride very cautious.	0									
This train seems to be just for tourists	1									
"Shops, cafes (with real coffee!),"	1									
"friendly people (finally),"	1									
"less hassling, laid back culture"	1									
 even rubbish bins on the streets.	1									
 Coimbatore Railway Station has a variety of lodges and accommodation for nearly every type of traveler. 	1									
 I have decided to dedicate a few good words to the place. 	1									
where you will frequently find customers wiping their freshly washed hands and mouth on the curtain that separates the washroom from the restaurant	0									
you might get to witness your waiter scratching his private parts while he waits to take your order. 	0									
"serves clean, yum, cheap and hygienic food, with very courteous waiters. 10 on 10."	1									
The train ride was amazing	1									
" big city is not inviting because of his chaos, dust, and hot weather. "	0									
" the ambience was nice,"	1									
"the food was good,"	1									
the staff had a sort-of high-handed attitude. 	0									
"We waited embarrassingly for much more than an hour for the food to arrive and when it did, it was cold pizza!"	0									
getting the local authorities to harass their other customers! 	0									
"About half an hour before the tram started its operation, I was ushered by three sweet gentle chubby sisters to cut queue to the fifth row."	0									
 The people there were friendly	1									
"Beautiful green lands, so many coconut trees etc etc."	1									
The room was ok ok not so good in terms of housekeeping or maintenance	0									
 the room was clean Toilet and bathroom and clean bedsheets and Pillowcover. 	1									
 but not clean at the banks.	0									
serves very nice coffee and south indian snacks and that too not very expensive .	1									
At one particular point few people were entering from other side and merging into the queue. 	0									
 the lady who administers this lunch will say you twice thrice that please have full lunch 	1									
" I had been warned that beggars could be aggressive, "	0									
" Women in sari's everywhere the colours are magnificent, "	1									
In the toilets we peered into the cubicles and recoiled in horror.	0									
In the toilets we peered into the cubicles and recoiled in horror.	0									
unch was served traditional South Indian style on a banana leaf.	1									
" lots of shops displaying paintings, statues of Gods, costume jewelries, making of leather sandals and slippers and granite carvings are quite nice to watch,"	1									
"We three (my wife, son and myself) checked in Hotel Vivek where we had booked a room thru net."	1									
"calm and quiet place where there is no crowd, rush and noises"	1									
 we heard about the tasty biscuits available in these bakeries	1									
ended up watching the start of the Diwali festival and fireworks 	1									
. Five people in a rickshaw. I'm surprised there aren't more accidents.	0									
all the constant noise and jostling 	0									
 i found it difficult to work with him looming around like a hyperactive vulture. 	0									
a pleasant enough seaside town.	1									
" I was disappointed to note that none of the restaurants within a stones throw were offering a Christmas dinner, "	0									
there are enough busses to cope with demand so we are not crammed in	1									
the roads are made of smooth tarmac with upward rising speed humps rather than downward dropping pot holes 	1									
Still lots of power cuts though.	0									
"The locals are all engaged in a frantic rush of activity in anticipation for the upcoming three day harvest festival known as Pongol. People are stocking up on vast swathes of sugar cane and rice, paints are being bought to decorate one's doorstep and cows are being washed down and having their horns painted in all sorts of vibrant colours. "	1									
 We were repeatedly mobbed by pilgrims 	0									
 including the biggest one in India where celebrations and festivals occur 320 days a year 	1									
" The locals have been so friendly and welcoming and ever eager to help out, or just to pause and discuss life"	1									
We even got to rest in an A/C room before the train arrived	1									
 Cockroaches coming out of the cracks in the wall?	0									
" We rode into town in auto-rickshaws, bumping our way down dirt roads"	0									
There are palm trees and brightly colored flowers.	1									
 It is delicious	1									
"There are drawings I've been meaning to mention, in front of every doorway. They are done, I think, in chalk, with white chalk for the borders and colored chalk as filled in color decoration. "	1									
 a group of girls danced a traditional folk dance for us.	1									
"Since I'm not Hindu, I couldn't enter the inner part "	0									
" There were two whole buses of foreigners going, all from various organized tours. "	1									
" welcomers gave us yellow flower leis,"	1									
 there were so many festively dressed people	1									
 A man who I think worked for this whole production adopted me at some point because I kept lagging behind.	1									
"At the end, we ate in a large room, on the floor, off of a banana leaf."	1									
"Before we left, they asked us to fill out a questionnaire about how they could improve the festival next year."	1									
We had been devoured by mosquitos	0									
I got to see first hand some of the results of a culture that is sexually repressive.	0									
" As before, we were not permitted to go into the inner sanctum, being non-Hindus,"	0									
but the pool was dirty	0									
They greeted us with warm welcome 	1									
.Rooms were big and had balcony.	1									
Tea planatation is what you see all around on nice slopes of the mountains.	1									
"Dolphin nose is pretty.Tea platations,mist..you feel like you are in heaven."	1									
We took one which is offered as free by some of the volunteers there	1									
",it was tidy, clean and well maintained!!"	1									
They cook by order..fresh and delicious!! 	1									
Sunvalley management has also kept a local guide book in each rooms for help of visitors.	1									
Suddenly a priest came before me & gave Sambar rice in plantain leaf.	1									
"The view from the hilltop is so scenic,"	1									
" bars—there aren’t any in Tamil Nadu,"	0									
"owner was stressing that his cottages had Geysers & Heaters,"	1									
watching the mindblowing sceneries 	1									
route was a smooth ride	1									
we were swarmed by rickshaw drivers (as usual) and very pushy beggars	0									
" we were appalled by its dirty, run down state, as well as its jacked up prices, considering its website falsely advertised it as affordable and clean."	0									
 We were disheartened to find the streets to be littered with trash 	0									
 the traffic to be heavy and terrifying	0									
The city also maintained a constant haze of exhaust and pollution	0									
the urine and cow pies in the streets	0									
kindly being served tea and biscuits by the shop's owner	1									
the bus didn't leave on time and made several stops	0									
our driver drove like a maniac on the winding roads	0									
" We never officially met the owner, and the staff was rarely anywhere to be found"	0									
 with less traffic and pollution	1									
so we tried to catch a cab back into town. The man refused to give us a fair price	0									
he offered to give us a lift on his motorcycle.	1									
"the fountain in the pond was broken, and the water looked gross. And there was trash everywhere."	0									
All the shop owners we talked to were very nice and hospitable	1									
invited us to drink chai with him	1									
 I almost got in a fight with a man who was extremely rude to us for simply trying to ask for directions.	0									
We had some difficulty figuring out which bus to take	0									
"we left with a nice, antique looking paisley ring that we paid almost $15 for (rather pricey for a ring that didn't contain any precious metals). "	0									
The man who greeted us was friendly and enthusiastic	1									
 it was disgusting and covered in trash.	0									
We left early the next morning for the Chennai airport via the taxi we'd booked through the hotel.	1									
"in a guesthouse with cold water only, electricity only a few hours a day"	0									
"filthy bed sheet ( bottom only ) a,materess with holes ( insects?) and blood stains,on the walls"	0									
"I ventured,into,the,kitchen,to look for the waiter,and,saw a rat eating,out,of,the,pan,of rice!"	0									
"were friendly, they smiled"	1									
 I was glad that the temple committee do not have such stringent rules and regulations on foreigners.	1									
"I made all the arrangements from booking the cab, Lodge, Dance & dinner"	1									
" As you know the condition, speed of the UD buses here, the boys are very tired after 12 hours long journey & it came very late (as-usual). "	0									
"The green trees, misty path, chill breeze, made us the heavenly feel "	1									
It was nice to be in the mountains	1									
The food. Ahh the food. Definitely the highlight of the trip so far.	1									
"it is hot, busy, crowded, dirty, stressful and frustrating."	0									
" it is also friendly, diverse, interesting"	1									
 properly beautiful.	1									
 no to a picture with creepy Indian man.	0									
 have still not fully adjusted to the happy family of cockroaches living in the fridge…We also took issue with the toddler-sized dead 	0									
 I then found out nowhere had wifi.	0									
 The hotel was pretty horrible and the room wasn’t ready	0									
"he quoted me a price, way more than it should be but I said ok and sat down."	0									
" My new room was actually worse than the last one, "	0									
 He gave me his number so if I can be bothered to get a sim card will get in touch	1									
The place is very dirty and very poor	0									
The Beach is beautiful and enjoys a vast coastline	1									
" all the outdoor world brought us in those first few days was leering men, horn honking, Tuk tuk drivers asking us ‘where we were going?"	0									
the streets are hard to walk along due to the amount of rubbish blocking the way	0									
the pictures and the price we paid didn’t really live up to what we were expecting of our hotel and so we ended up in a pretty depressing room	0									
 the food in the hotel was incredible	1									
 the place looking like some form of prison carriage used to ferry convicts about the country	0									
"the driver of our taxi had other ideas, and decided that rather than let us take in these splendid views, he would race up there like a lunatic as quickly as possible whilst overtaking on blind bends with his hand constantly resting on his horn for ‘safety’, as standard here."	0									
these would feature quite heavily in the days to come…..yummy!	1									
It’s a decent hotel near town bus station and you will get a good AC double room 	1									
it was a scenic drive for another 1 hour covering 18 miles	1									
 I saw a few people dressed in all saffrons marching through the road	1									
 Clean rooms with attached toilet was offered	1									
"The place was so serene, calm and peaceful. "	1									
 she smiled and asked me to follow her. 	1									
The walls were covered with the pictures of all possible god/goddess I have ever come across.	1									
The room was filled with a nice aroma of sandalwood which makes the ambiance a bit smokey but more heavenly.	1									
The information is not displayed anywhere except at the ticket counter	0									
"Apart from historical significance of the Vivekananda Rock, cleanliness at the Memorial was noticeable in spite of thousands visiting the memorial on that day."	1									
"so the style is simple, clean"	1									
we are blissed to have such a room where we can come together in the middle but have beds that are so far apart that its like we have a private space. 	1									
I also noticed there were loads of cows wandering around at the edges and sometimes on the busy roads.	0									
 Everyone is very helpful	1									
You can't walk on the sidewalk because there really is no set sidewalk. It is all kind of crumbled and covered in trash	0									
And there is so much honking	0									
" looking down to make sure you don't step in animal feces, or on a dog laying down, or over a person, or into a car, and you are looking left and right and behind and in front of you constantly because traffic comes in ALL directions, regardless of the road you are on and/or how thick or narrow the road is."	0									
People are so nice here. Like super NICE. 	1									
We continued walking the park and all the little kids want to say hi to you 	1									
" little old lady had baskets of what was kind of a puffed rice and she was motioning for us to throw it in the main square (empty at this point in time, but I'm sure in its hayday it was full) to offer the rice of offerings for ""wealth, health and happiness"". "	1									
 it was a resort type complex but our very spacious rooms with the best beds so far	1									
overlooked the palm trees and sea.......wonderful. 	1									
 food was excellent 	1									
" a lovely waiter, Shantaraj looked after us,"	1									
Indian Panorama is the company and we can't praise them highly enough for organising such a fantastic holiday.	1									
 Father Christmas trotted over and they made us feel like highly honoured guests.	1									
The trek was a wonderful experience and the scenery was marvellous	1									
"Thanks to PLA Residency, Thanjaore and Rayas Annexe , Kumbakonam for the Excellent stay and a Neat Food.The Service was Good and to the requirement."	1									
" The views of the Gopurams were covered by recently constructed buildings, electric poles and wires."	0									
" The same beauty, same charm and same peace. There is no unnecessary constructions, no shops and no disturbances inside."	1									
"One good thing is that photography is allowed in the premises and you can take pictures of temples, gopuram and temple pond etc. "	1									
Some of the old statues are very badly maintained. 	0									
It was probably the cheapest transport from only location to another I ever had.	1									
They allowed us to see through the telescope. But it was quite poor and I could not really see anything through it.	0									
" However, he was a nice person and I saw no threat from him whether regarding money or in any other aspect. "	1									
Some bloggers have mentioned that there is no food in Pichavaram.	0									
"One of those where one is looking down on the mist and smog of the villages down below, and the air is crystal clear above that layer. The green shades of the tea plantations were lovely, and the patterns of the tea plots, interspersed with White Oak trees, symmetrical without being manufactured. "	1									
we were again treated to an excellent Indian meal	1									
 Ugly station 	0									
livened up by a group of black dressed pilgrims like we had seen a few days earlier.	1									
As always we were happy to be out of the railway station with all its offensive smells and sideways glances.	0									
"We ate rice, plus four or five mild curries off big banana leaves laid directly on laminex tables."	1									
" Wonderful dinner together with multiple curries, veg and non-veg as the say, and Kingfisher beer. "	1									
The room was well set up and the facilities clean and functional.	1									
" The trip was slow but interesting as we passed pilgrims dressed in bright orange or blue jogging and walking up the hills, drove through villages with bullocks pulling laden carts, women doing the washing and the ubiquitous stalls."	1									
 it is dirty and smelly and we wondered why we were here.	0									
There were issues with the hotel ( they insist it is not paid for) but they finally let us in.	0									
Turns our there are some very pretty parts of Kodaikanal and views across the range are spectacular.	1									
 We visited a lovely church where we got mobbed.	0									
 You could hire bicycles or ride a horse 	1									
"The carriages are air-conditioned – evaporative systems one of the germans later explained, and pretty sound-proof, so little clackety clack. "	1									
 The biggest problem was the jerking starts and stops. Let’s not mention the washrooms.	0									
 Obviously a lot of development has been happening in these areas.	1									
Nice enough hotel with a pool and reliable Wifi. 	1									
 The water was clean and a refreshing temperature.	1									
We also visited an open air traditional dance show. 	1									
We are all a bit wary of the food now and sad to say it has not been of a good standard the last couple of days.	0									
We cheered when we arrived at our hotel which is near the lake and very nice. 	1									
 The view was spectacular	1									
 Nice coffee and muffins or french toast.	1									
" At one, the elephant would take your 10 Rupee note and give your head a brush with his trunk - apparently a blessing"	1									
With all the chaos there is also incredible management. There are electronic signs nowadays at various intervals which tell you the trains number that is arriving as it comes and others that point out where your carriage will stop and it does!	1									
"New clean linen arrived for us and the old ones taken away, its amazing how efficient it all is and how it works."	1									
This town turned out to be a great surprise and as we walked around through the markets we marveled at the cleanliness of it.	1									
 We had a delicious samoosa along the way with many cups of chai which we love too.	1									
surprise only to find out the train was delayed a bit and then a bit longer and then even a bit longer than that all in all 4 hours later it arrived and oh we could have slept a bit longer in our nice room and had breakfast at the hotel!	0									
 Indians just throw everything out – on the floor if they can they just don’t seem to care.	0									
"Now there are rivers of plastic, foil containers from all the food being sold and it feels like India is being buried alive under all this garbage."	0									
 But this station was incredibly clean 	1									
"did I tell you how mind boggling it is to actually find the train you need from all the choices you have – fast trains, express trains some stopping lots and some hardly at all. "	1									
"We arrived latish in the afternoon to normal chaos which I cant find the words to describe- people everywhere feels like millions of them, things, Post, trunks of every size all waiting to be loaded or having just been unloaded. "	0									
But it is such nice room with all the fruit we are happy.	1									
". I am used to street people in Cape Town but here there are many whole families and they are making open fires to cook their meals in the street, sitting in groups playing games chatting sleeping on perhaps a piece of cardboard in a rickshaw or cart. "	1									
There is a foreign desk there and the agent was so friendly	1									
Eventually we arrived at the beach which was not in the direction we thought we were going at all but it was lovely and with a warm breeze blowing so very comfortable.	1									
" Once the doors were opened and we were ushered into a beautiful restaurant that really transported one to somewhere else. Rich colours greeted us,there were carved wooden pictures on the walls, water features with marigolds – they are so symbolic of prayer to me in Asia I just love their absolute cheerfulness."	1									
"The dishes consisted of palak (spinach) paneer with pinapple (curd cheese) a carrot salad, dhal (lentils) gobi (potatoes) and raita (yoghurt) every dish more delicious than the next."	1									
" There are also A LOT of toilets and showers, some outdoor, some covered, all separated drop toilets and bucket showers "	1									
" I was sat beside the sweetest couple, who put up a Happy Birthday message for me to wake up to on the screen in front of me! "	1									
 where I met a lovely girl at breakfast who gave me advice on travelling in India. 	1									
"It's very comfortable and we have about a metre between beds, so it doesn't feel at all cramped."	1									
 I ate a tasty massala dosa for lunch.	1									
"From Mysore we took a private bus to Ooty. And I have to admit, never again a private bus in India! This SPN Travel & Tours tried to rip us off whenever they could."	0									
"We drove through the National Parks and up many, many hairspins with amazing views over the Nilgiri Mountains."	1									
"Well, the bedsheets were clumsy and had the usual dirt,"	0									
but at least they had a hot shower in the evening (and only in the evening) and WIFI.	1									
 To all the colonial touch you have the indian mess and garbage combined with some wonderful smells.	0									
The chinese dishes had an indian twist and the dirt you can find in both countries was combined in this restaurant. 	0									
"we had a wonderful breakfast at the Garden's Restaurant with some nice Masala Dosas, fresh juices and a chai. "	1									
"The scenery was stunning and changed from rivers, tea plantations, forests to farming fields. The Nilgiris are, despite Ooty, really beautiful and it would have been worth hanging around in one of the villages."	1									
"The AP Hotel was recently renovated, cheap and extremely clean. "	1									
" But we found it to be a very pleasant, organized and clean town. "	1									
It was quite comfortable and we had a pleasant journey to Kollam.	1									
"Well, we stood close by the door but the people were very polite and made room for us."	1									
" I had a yummy vegan pizza on “night out”, a marinara with mushrooms."	1									
"That evening we had the best food I've tasted so far in India, from a small Indian “restaurant” by the bus station"	1									
"Up early and took a quick drive through beautiful countryside to the Edakkal Caves,"	1									
Got good seats in an air conditioned carriage with a table so most of us proceeded to play UNO followed by cards and then 'who am I?'	1									
", but the consistently incredible food was the savoring experience of Ooty "	1									
"The first half of the hike winded through tea patches and the top portion of the mountain took us through eucalyptus forests, eventually emerging at a cleared plateau with a small shrine and views of the surrounding valleys and mountains."	1									
"Along the walk, every local along the way shouted and waved hello from wherever they stood. "	1									
"At one point, a young girl and her mother stopped us in our tracks, insisting we come inside for some tea."	1									
the constantly honking traffic! 	0									
The road is pretty much navigable and there were no traffic issues. 	1									
The place was littered with water bottle and plastic and was stinking as well.	0									
The food was simply amazing 	1									
One thing which I can spot around were smiles. happiness was in the air.	1									
A nice cold breeze was making it very pleasant.	1									
The commercialization hasn’t destroyed the beauty of the place as it has happened to all the hill station in north.	1									
"the toilet was not too spacious, though it was very clean and functional. "	1									
We asked for grilled fish with boiled vegetables served with some bread for dinner on the first day - it was passable. The breakfast next day was minimalist	0									
 If only the buses had signs in Tamil and English it would make my life so much easier! 	0									
It is lovely being surrounded by mountains and we are lucky in that it is a few degrees cooler here than in was in Chennai which definitely makes a difference for having a good night's sleep. 	1									
We only have 5 beds for 6 of us and water is scarce with regular power cuts.	0									
"Sadly the first few days we suffered a cockroach infestation, rat droppings and flooding but hopefully these are sorted now with just the odd cockroach to be seen."	0									
They were very welcoming and although communication was hard we really enjoyed our time with them.	1									
 The food was delicious	1									
The girls enjoyed wearing saris although they are much harder to put on than you realise. When we were staying with Parameshwari Alice and I were lucky enough to try some on and realised how important they are to Indian women.	1									
We have never heard so much beeping in our lives and the way these guys drive is incredible (incredibly scary).	0									
"The food was amazing,"	1									
access to the internet has been dodgy!	0									
" What could be called maze like, the temple was decorated with statues and towering columns."	1									
 We had the opportunity to get out our rupees and give them to the elephant which then gave us all a pat on the head in the form of a blessing. 	1									
India is hot but the people here are so friendly and welcoming	1									
The food is good and I'm eating loads	1									
"To end our visit, we sung for the children in their assembly and they put on a dance and several songs for us which was lovely!"	1									
 but we'll probably have a powercut soon	0									
 On our way to the waterfall we passed some epic scenery and crossed small rushing rivers. 	1									
 there was no air-con in the rooms.	0									
"Sadly one young girl came over and was very keen to find out more about CV's and the options open to her but her husband came over, told her off and led her away."	0									
" In 2014 it is hard to believe that many young women do not have the same choices open to them as in the West and that once married, for some women their whole life is dictated by their husband or their husbands’ family especially in these rural communities. "	0									
"While there we swapped stories of the work we have been doing and shared our frustrations of ""Indian Time"", how things never go to plan and how little time we actually have left."	0									
I was treated to the warmest welcome I have ever had in my life.	1									
While walking around the temple I was met by a group of Hindu women who came towards me in a wave of colour like a rainbow of happiness! 	1									
"They greeted me and my fellow team leader Charlie with handshakes, kisses, smiles, blessings and one lady even hugged us into her chest."	1									
Later it was wonderful to hear their singing as they walked around the temple and they invited us to share their lunch.	1									
"India is beautiful. The colors, the heat, the deep red of the soil, the lush green of the jungle, the coconuts, mangos, and unknown fruits hanging from the trees,"	1									
the smiles and warmth of the people	1									
" I still hear occasional complaints from him about bug bites, (I’m having a hard time warding off mosquitos)"	0									
"Wifi has been down since we arrived and internet is very spotty, (as is electricity as it was last night when we had to sleep in a hot room without a fan)"	0									
Within no time we had crossed Mysore after a forgettable lunch at a random dhaba somewhere on the highway.	1									
Sadly all the resorts he had contacted were either full or non-existent. 	0									
This too had extremely scenic views to offer. 	1									
" Where we sleep now is my idea of a the perfect room: it's uncomplicated, the widow frames, doors and all furniture are handmade solid wood, the floor is covered in spanish style tiles, and the space is small - just enough."	1									
" The Beach, which is said to be 'the' or one of the nicest beaches in India, reminds me of Long Beach in CA, pre-beach clean up minus seagulls and seaweed."	1									
"Even me in my bellow the knee shorts and modest enough t-shirts have garnered enough attention as to make some locals think they can come over and rub sand off my legs, grasp my hands or ask me if I like to drink."	0									
"An endearing feature of most all homes and places of business in this part of India are Kolam, highly symmetrical geometrical line drawings that are composed most often of curved loops and dots. They are drawn at entry ways, often decorating the streets."	1									
"The route till Pondicherry is scenic. With the azure sea on your left, separated from the road by trees and shrubs, it seemed like a dream drive."	1									
"since my mobile will not work in Auroville, "	0									
"Add the air-conditioning and the comfortable cushions that you are given to sit, I was more intent on not falling asleep after the hot sun outside."	1									
The streets are not lighted	0									
"The East Coast Road, commonly called ECR road from Chennai to Pondicherry is a scenic highway. "	1									
All south Indian dishes. We had dosa.It was hot and delicious. 	1									
On one side the never ending sea “Bay of Bengal” and on the other side the beautiful coconut trees standing in rows. 	1									
" Being in 1st class you'd expect top quality comfort etc, you do get a bed sheet and blanket, but the blanket is made from that fucking horrible itchy material! And the A/C is actually way too cold, and as such I end up catching the flu! "	0									
"and with the combination of my flip-flops, haste and heavy bag I manage to spectacularly fall over, one bag goes flying, I do a few rolls...There wasn't any wet floor signs, this is India, you're meant to have common sense"	0									
"And there transport to and from is few and far between,"	0									
We waited in vain as it never came. This was our second time in India that we had experienced this let down.	0									
 the park was well maintained and looked quite clean. 	1									
 I was served a variety of vegetable dishes with rice on a banana leaf.	1									
"After the what was probably the worst journey of my life on public buses, down tiny winding roads, going over the completely unnecessary amount of speed bumps they seem to have in Tamil Nadu and travelling for around three hours to complete a 60Km journey!"	0									
Going over yet more fucking speed bumps that wake me up and throw me off the chair before crashing back down! 	0									
"A man then offers me his phone to use,"	1									
They're hassling a tourist at a time when India is really pushing to make tourism a bigger industry. 	0									
" expressed indignation that I didn't buy, then shouted at me as I walked away"	0									
"Young couples crept into rock crevices for artful photography work, and perhaps a private space where they could  hold each other's hand for a brief moment."	0									
 posed in front of one of the Five Rathas	0									
gorgeous saris	1									
 the bus loads of people	0									
" men shirtless and wearing black dhotis, women in red and yellow full-of-shakti-energy saris--all creating a striking contrast with the stone walls and the giant gopurams, or towers, at the temple's entrances"	1									
give me an invitation to his wedding.	1									
he answered my probing questions with poise and frankness	1									
I love spicy!	1									
"She walked to the vendor nearby, bought some hairpins, and returned.""Here, I'll put it on you."" She attached the strand atop my head of short hair, framing my face nicely"	1									
help me as I waited for an auto rickshaw on the road	1									
It rained heavily as we left and we passed an ambulance on its side in the middle of the road! Only in India!	0									
"strong urine smells, rubbish everywhere, dodgy "	0									
drunk people all around and a guy hitting a lady in the face.	0									
"the room was damp and cold, that shops don't open until 11 and to find a non Indian breakfast is a struggle. "	0									
 nice views on the way down of the mountainous western ghats.	1									
"there is some nice scenery, it's where three seas meet and you can see the sun rise and set over the sea."	1									
" nice hotel, with a swimming pool, for five great nights"	1									
 All that in one area makes for quite a resourceful place	1									
" lots of accommodation, seaside restaurants and shopping opportunities. Even surfing!"	1									
great seafood feast along the beach	1									
 no real menus available for a Christmas meal in the restaurants 	0									
" noisy, busy streets of Madurai are unbelievable"	0									
 given special  treatment	1									
"Signs pointed the way to the different ""levels"" of darshan--the glimpsing of the deity. General (free), 5 rupee, and special (20 rupees). The more you pay,more you get closer"	0									
improper maintainance	0									
appreciated his polite tone	1									
drove me there on his motorbike.	1									
tried to decide whether he should kick me out right then	0									
They are all very kind	1									
 people inside gave me the hard sell and followed me around like puppy dogs	0									
route is very scenic	1									
 struggled to park our vehicle	0									
charged Rs.200 for half an hour which seemed costlier to us	0									
 delicious snack complementing the tea	1									
 The route was very scenic and cold The view of the lake was very good. It was calm and flowed smoothly.	1									
agency people were perfect and they were on time 	1									
 crowded streets	0									
 tasty tea cups of “Lakeview” and enjoyed the breakfast	1									
 amazing scenery to our eyes	1									
 amazing view.	1									
faced problems with the road conditions at some places and also it was very narrow way	0									
We climbed up steps to reach the top. It was so much tiring	0									
 scene from here was beautiful	1									
safaris only twice a day	0									
trip was successful because of the driver	1									
 covered with mist and clouds most of the time	1									
It was beautiful. It was silent and isolated	1									
 luxury hotel. it looks amazing	1									
"We had breakfast of idli, dosa and sambhar with coconut chutney. It was delicious"	1									
 staff was courteous and nice	1									
 the way gave a beautiful view with mountains and lake flowing by	1									
 view was amazing	1									
 the city area is not much convincing	0									
 room was clean and good	1									
 temple was neatly managed	1									
 amazing view	1									
 had some excellent guides	1									
 great chef again so ate well	1									
doesn’t have a swim up bar. 	0									
Breakfast was really tasty	1									
owner gave me a lift 	1									
"it is deliciously cool up here, no need for air-conditioning!"	1									
" fantastic, wonderful, delightful home stay"	1									
 stuck in the almightiest of Indian traffic jams	0									
fantastic Hotel 	1									
" cuisine is just so tantalisingly tasty, but I still revelled in this afternoon of Westernised reminiscence. Never had a chicken wing tasted so good…!! "	1									
mile-long queue for ticket reservations	0									
 there were absolutely none around at 8am in the morning when I needed one to take me the half-hour journey	0									
 charging much more for foreigners 	0									
It is seriously stunning for the absolutely enormous room I have here	1									
" service may not be spectacular, if there is any service at all"	0									
delicious curry lunch	1									
 spectacular views 	1									
wifi is intermittent	0									
" the road being quite smooth, with very less traffic"	1									
The green fields were a constant attraction	1									
good fuel for our stomach 	1									
traffic was bit heavy.	0									
" hectic journey, with lots of shouting, a bit of pushing at times,"	0									
" I was given a super-deluxe, temple-view double room for the price of a standard room, and was not disappointed in my stay at the Hotel "	1									
" Since the Inner Sanctum is so holy, Hindus rarely allow non-Hindus into this part"	0									
"dense traffic, rickshaw throttles and fumes, scores of pedestrians, and sheer chaos of the Indian roads"	0									
" guesthouse, great choice"	1									
"I also had to pluck up the courage to make my first crossing of one of these darn roads, the drivers who seem to be in a bubble away from the rest of the traffic and pedestrians, and who drive oblivious to it all assuming that everything will move around and avoid it, "	0									
"getting a feel for the difference between the price that some of them want to charge you, and the price which they should be charging you"	0									
I seriously don’t understand why the government department managing Buses on highway want’s people to take that much of pain. Why there is no stop near a tourist hotspot. 	0									
prices are high	0									
 on requesting they agreed	1									
 Lush green rice farm with aroma in air was very soothing to eyes.	1									
Well were greeted at the gate by the owner Savita and her son Sameer. We felt like we were old friends returning after a long absence	1									
Have a bad internet connection	0									
car ride was wonderful	1									
 beautiful scenery.	1									
"He's supposed to go at 11:10, but right now I find he has a delay of about 40 minutes"	0									
 they have an air-conditioned area where they send me as a tourist immediately	1									
"you cannot pre-book, and need to queue up at 5am on the day to buy a ticket,"	0									
burningly spiced thali served to us for lunch	0									
"road surface is awful, potholes with the occasional bit of tarmac"	0									
 best local restaurant	1									
"As it is far too cold to consider showering, we dress and go to breakfast. This does not go well"	0									
the room/tent is spacious and comfortable 	1									
"The road gets narrower and narrower. At one point it is being repaired, and the gap that is left looks to be roughly half the width of our Innova"	0									
"Some smirk, others burst into outright laughter, pointing as they do so"	0									
Madurai number one cheating peoples in India	0									
Seems like here you can become a temporary Hindu and get let in to the sanctum. 	0									
The stench rises like a miasma from hell. The urinal has tiled walls about three feet high	0									
"Certainly in Madurai you get places much faster on two wheels than four, weaving in and out of the traffic in what should be death-defying manoeuvres but in fact often looks almost languid"	0									
 Very bad place many thieves steal camera wallet	0									
This comprises some open lockers with keys hanging out. The keys are not used and goods are placed inside and not locked up	0									
" the main Meenakshi shrine are denied us……as yes, only Hindus can enter"	0									
We crawl through the traffic	0									
Indians can be careless about preserving their heritage	0									
"side of the road, rundown streets, cattle wandering where they please......there is no sense of history in an Indian rubbish on the side of the city, no architecture of merit, apart from the temples or the occasional palace. "	0									
"50 minutes later, still no food despite multiple requests"	0									
"he food then arrives (and is, in fact, very tasty"	1									
inverse correlation between the cost of entry and how interesting a site is	0									
hotel is a welcoming oasis of calm	1									
 non locking toilet 	0									
"roar and fumes of the non stop traffic that assail those choosing to sit outdoors, and in the vain hope of avoiding the mosquitoes"	0									
"“Foreigner not allowed in temple, temple donation fee 500 rupees, you pay me I pay to temple"	0									
Ours is called the Ideal Beach Resort and proves very comfortable	1									
 best meal of the holiday so far.	1									
some of the original buildings but they have been abused and are hidden behind hoardings. 	0									
 food so far has been delicious	1									
there is a heat haze/pollution so not much is visible	0									
The chai was fantastic	1									
I don’t remember walking – we were just jammed into a mass of bodies that carried us along with them	0									
"We shared a selection of curries with our fellow travellers – gobi aap ki passand aloo (cauliflower curry), dingiri mutter (mushroom and green pea curry), vegetable chettinad (spicy vegetable curry) and chana masala (chickpea curry), all of which were served with rice and naan (leavened bread cooked in a wood fired oven). It was fantastic and very, very hot. "	1									
I was amazed by the starkness of the beach and surrounds. 	1									
"The chaotic traffic and masses of people made it impossible to ride more than 50 metres without stopping to avoid cars, cows or children."	0									
"We were still in the midst of the four day Pongal Festival, and it was fantastic (yet slightly unusual) when I realised that we were the only foreign tourists to be seen."	1									
"The food was fantastic,"	1									
" The Chennai train station was a mass of teaming humanity, and it looked and felt like something out of a post-apocalyptic film."	0									
Hotel Mahabs in Mamallapuram was just lovely and right in the centre of town.	1									
"unfortunately supplied a brilliant environment for mosquitoes,"	0									
I probably would have liked Mamallapuram a whole lot more (despite the stifling heat) if not for the disproportionate number of super-persistent touts and beggars.	0									
 I ordered from the bland side of the menu – fried vegetarian noodles – which were surprisingly delicious and exactly what my stomach wanted!	1									
" Luckily we had a fantastic driver who knew the road inside out, and he drove very carefully (slowing to a crawl on some particularly tight corners)."	1									
"We sat in the hot sun, sipped cold beer and took in the stunning view of Mt Nilgiri towering above us. This place was so incredibly relaxing!"	1									
"We sat down to idlis (steamed cakes made from fermented rice and lentil batter) with sambar (thin vegetable curry), masala dosa (a dosa stuffed with a creamy mix of lightly cooked potatoes, onions, green chilli and spices), banana pancakes, eggs and coffee. It was incredible, and just what we needed after a two hour walk."	1									
" The good news was that the views were spectacular,"	1									
" We were in the dormitory area which was large and comfortable. There were adjacent shower and toilet facilities to our room,"	1									
"All meals at the Retreat were served buffet-style, and they were all incredibly delicious."	1									
"We continued to sit around the bonfire after dinner, and were joined by Rhea from reception who eventually (and very politely) told us when we had to wrap things up."	1									
 I had a pot of masala chai (spiced sweet milky tea) while Ren had a tea. It was a great start to the day.	1									
train was dilapidated with basic toilets	0									
" The waiting staff walked around replenishing each curry as soon you finished eating it, so you didn’t get the feeling that you were close to finishing your meal. Your plate always looked like you hadn’t started eating"	1									
"Restaurant menu, where we shared an aloo gobi masala (potato and cauliflower curry) with naans (leavened bread cooked in a wood fired oven) and chapathis (unleavened whole wheat flour flat bread, cooked on a dry skillet). It was fantastic. "	1									
They were very friendly	1									
" I had the set dosa (dosa with coconut chutney, sambar, tomato and coriander curries) with cardamom chai (cardamom spiced tea), and it was fantastic."	1									
We travelled in the train’s second class with AC chair carriage. It was comfortable and clean-ish	1									
 I would have to say that one has not experienced the true meaning of ‘terrifying’ until one has travelled on the roads of India! The roads themselves are not in bad condition; it’s just that the drivers are beyond crazy!	0									
"The rooms were very comfortable and large,"	1									
This restaurant offered fantastic food in the most nondescript of spaces	1									
Tamil people are so kind enough that they will help you at each and every point. I have to say thanks to all my friends who had given me so much information.	1									
"Then they came, the two young men, and they didn’t leave until things were right. “We’re just people,” they insisted. Nope, angels, no doubt about it."	1									
 Since we don't have an ample time we came out of the temple and took a battery operated car till the main gate (South west )of the temple where autos and vehicles were stopped. After that they put some barricades so it is better to take battery operated cars which were run by temple committee.	1									
"We repaid a promise to the store owner who had helped us, by lending me a dhoti to enter the temple, in returning to his shop to have a browse"	1									
"So here we are at the Carlton Hotel. Full buffet breakfast and dinner, complimentary tour package for 4 hours, 30 minutes boating on the lake, 200 channels of satellite TV plus entertainment action all day long. Bingo at 6 pm!! Did I mention the Bar?"	1									
As tourists we have been welcomed to observe the devotees.	1									
Out of respect all visitors should be covered so you will see me in a borrowed dhoti from a very obliging carpet salesman. Apparently three quarter length shouts aren't covered enough. 	1									
We had planned two nights here but the hotel we had booked couldn't process a Visa transaction and we had limited cash.	0									
Our first night unfortunately we had to sleep in a small downstairs room with the noisy kitchen outside the interior window 	0									
"after a short queue wait and a few attempts we came away with 2 notes, the maximum we were allowed. Changing these big notes isn't causing to much headache and $40 can go a long way. "	0									
We met a family from Hyderabad who offered some of their picnic lunch	1									
all the restaurants to date didn't serve alcohol so we wandered down to a place called Moonraker's in backpackistan and ordered two large bottles of the local brew called 'British Imperial Lager'.	0									
but got upgraded for the second night to a much larger room with a balcony/exterior landing. 	1									
Still no power in the town. 	0									
 The colorful festival attracts many. 	1									
"The ten or so men pounded stakes in the ground, and pulled on the wood scaffolds that stretched the fibers tightly. They strung the bundles of warp threads, probably silk, reaching 50 meters or so over horizontal supports to dry in the sun. They would later, I guessed, weave these into"	1									
" A man on a scooter stopped on the side, went to the cows and waved them out of the road to safety. "	1									
 bus from Karnataka State Transport which are very comfortable.	1									
but the hotel staff were gracious enough and let me freshen up in a temporary room	1									
"They provide the bus, jeep or van depending on the number of people"	1									
 Even the tea there did not match the expectations	0									
" At the lake too, there was nothing to fill my appetite and I had to settle for a milk shake"	0									
 Hotel Lake View was definitely a very well located and maintained restaurant. There were cottages here which was located next to a lake.	1									
"“Names are not important.” His eyes fixed on mine and both his hands went to his chest. “It’s what is in your heart that is important.” felt my insides swelling and it spilled onto my face that froze into a smile, and my face stayed that way for much of the rest of my walk"	1									
"I walked away from that temple with a bowl of pongal, the special sweet porridge, and it was warm in my hand,"	1									
"A rangoli, a stylized bird, greeted me at the end of the street, in front of the house where the woman daily draws images filled with color"	1									
"The bowl of pongal, still warm in my hand, begged for a spoon and for me to eat it. So I obliged after returning to the homestay .I savored its intense sweetness and explosions of cardamom."	1									
" The women here buy the buds tied in long strands and drape them from their ebony braids, or adorn the greying hair buns of older women. Donning jasmine seems a birthright for women. Men must partake by catching whiffs as they trail the bejeweled women in the temples or on the streets, or hang strands from their rear view mirrors in their vehicles. My driver from last year adored doing this, to my great delight. "	1									
". Flowers are needed for the making of garlands for use in the temples, for hair ornaments, and massive amounts of flowers are used in weddings"	1									
"Within minutes of arriving, a man gave me two yellow flowers and wanted me to put them in my hair. A woman draped a simple garland around my neck, then held out her hand for some rupees"	0									
"Today is the first day of Margali, a month-long observance when the nights are longer and the air is cooler. And for each day of the month, women rise early to prepare their canvas, on the ground outside their doorsteps, where they create mandala-like designs—called a kolam or Rangoli—of white outlines and color-filled spaces. Ground white rock or rice and colored powders are their paints, their hands are their brushes. "	1									
"Normally Suriya would rise by 4:00 am and finish by 6:00 am. Only because I wanted to see did she set the time later, 6:30 am"	1									
"The woman of the house opened the door with a basket of treats, and gently urged the animal out of the entryway into the street"	1									
"That evening, during the Karthigai Deepam festivities, I went by her house, and she invited me and my young interpreter inside to drink coffee "	1									
" since it had not been painted and blessed, she applied yellow paste and dots of red to its face and horns, and tied yellow and red flowers to its horn"	1									
 It's a 'resort' town with lots of development along the beach	1									
Geographically it's flat with a large ( approx 10 hectares) granite rock hill on the western side. It's here back in 9th century the locals mastered the art of stone construction on a large scale. Most of the individual temples are crafted out of a single rock or from a rock face. 	1									
Our hotel in Chennai had Buffet breakfast included in our room rate 	1									
"Limited power, no Internet, no banks open and credit cards not being processed due to connection problems. "	0									
Both were tricky to find because the signs on the street had blown down. 	0									
 At one stage we had to climb up 4 stories on to the roof of the hotel to try and get a cell signal..a very funny and unusual place to be transacting business.	0									
"Thousands of tiny lighted clay pots of oil shimmered on streets, alleys, balconies, and shop steps around Madurai. Karthigai Deepam celebrates the birthday of Murugan"	1									
 People rushed out to invite me into their homes	1									
 all natural coloring agents from a leaf to make henna-like designs on his younger sister’s hands	1									
" Nandishwara instructed me to wish for something—but don’t tell ANYONE what my wish was—then three times ring one of the hundreds of bells hanging on a rack before me, then walk around the tree three times"	1									
"There were no ATM's visible at the airport, they were probably in the part of the airport that was missing some of its roof! "	0									
There was no one staffing the pre-paid taxi counter where we had hoped to buy a taxi chit on a credit card and avoid the hassle of the taxi touts outside	0									
 As we slowly worked our way through the crowd	0									
"As we got closer we went through pockets of blacked out suburbs, trees down, power poles down and road closures in many places"	0									
 ATMs still wouldn't be working	0									
 the buses to Munnar only seem to run in the morning 	0									
" taxi drivers wanted to take me there for 250 rupees, but I knew the bus to town would only cost 11 rupees"	0									
"So much bustle, and jasmine in women’s hair, swishing saris, praying pilgrims, families and whole tribes of people gathered together, crimson tilaks on foreheads, echoing walls, deities peering from their rock skins, bedecked with flowers and sandalwood paste, and messages on tiny pieces of paper rolled up and dangling from their limbs. "	1									
"They’d brought bags of tiny clay pots, jars of ghee, flowers, colored powder, and they were creating designs on the temple floor. They rolled tiny paper cylinders and put them in the tiny pots of ghee, and lit them—patterns of light and curves and color. Some women read devotional booklets, looking dreamy but focused, others meditated on their creations, "	1									
"Their father Rajasekar invited me to eat with them, for it was a special day where the temple would feed a certain number of people there for free"	1									
sprinkled water on our banana leaf plates	1									
"Coffee and citrus fruits, most notably oranges, are grown in abundance, as well as bananas, pears and jackfruit"	1									
 The architecture is from the times of British and still maintained well.	1									
The food is of excellent quality 	1									
 disturbed by mosquitoes	0									
 had a delicious non-veg foods and some fresh juice	1									
"misty closed the “queen of the hill “mountains ,fully greeny environment with so chill climate ,serene location"	1									
some delicious tea and coffee powder with different flavor	1									
nature gives an excellent treat to our eyes	1									
 beautiful to see the site scenes around the hills and the waterfalls	1									
",it was a very beautiful serene location where the weather and scenery gets changes every 5 seconds "	1									
" mango with salt and spice ,it’s so delicious"	1									
facility was good	1									
"The town itself is quite nice, it's been a tourist destination for quite a while, so it's well set up"	1									
WIFI readily available in most places	1									
loads of resorts	1									
 a man approached us and offered a room near the beach within our budget	1									
 It was a massive pool and full of broken bricks from the construction site next to it	0									
" Indian tourist don't seem to have the same kind of respect for things, so the carvings of names etc into the walls spoils the experience slightly"	0									
"India's taboo on sex and young Indian couples, you often see used jonny's on the floor and couples sort of hidden away in the bushes"	0									
 one ticket gets you into both for 250rs.	1									
" the 200rs return tuk-tuk fee wasn't worth it,"	0									
 boat's been delayed 'till the 8th!	0									
the quality of road has been good throughout and well maintained too	1									
"interaction with the chauffeurs I find, have been very informative,"	1									
 road-widening work coupled with the peak-hour city traffic slowed our pace drastically	0									
"sweet, delicious, translucent in colour, and high in nutritional value"	1									
 nectar was served in a cone made from green palm leaf	1									
 2-litres of real good stuff for mere Rs.100/-	1									
It was a large dining room like restaurant. We could not fathom as to what the “Hi-Tech” meant.	1									
" thali meal consisted on Sambar, Rasam, Potato Gravy, Dry Vegetable (boiled raw banana) with liberal sprinkling of Coconut, Curd, Papad, Pickle and Rice. Everything unlimited. The delicious Payasam (in limited quantity), for the desert was excellent"	1									
question still lingered as to what is “Hi-Tech” about it. 	0									
environment-friendly mode of transportation facility was highly appreciable	1									
staff was quite friendly	1									
" relaxation was followed by the dinner consisted of Prawns, Dal-Fry, Chapatis and Rice, with Pickle and Papad, spicy aromatic prawns curry satiated the hunger to a very great extent"	1									
 was impressed with his concern for cleanliness	1									
 roar of the ocean could be clearly heard	1									
 ecstatic satisfaction of viewing the sunrise of lifetime	1									
scene at the place of boarding the ferry was chaotic. 	0									
Each passenger was provided with a dirty life jacket	0									
 multi-religious population dwelling in a perfect harmony.	1									
 super breakfast	1									
chaotic little seating room	0									
super food	0									
 I search out renting a bike but to no prevail	0									
the kindest tailor in town and am selflessly offered the help	1									
Super scenery 	1									
 town vomiting with hotels & chocolate shops	1									
The traffic is crazy	0									
" driver taking us the wrong way,against the traffic, up a one way street."	0									
 folk and religious performancs by dancers 	1									
" lingam, probably 4 metres tall, had water poured over it, then milk, then turmeric coloured water, then yoghurt, then water again, then rose water, then decorated with flowers."	1									
 priests happily putting red spots on our foreheads (for a donation of course) and even allowing us to take photos of their deities which is supposed to completely forbidden. 	0									
"temples were jammed with people - happily spending the day in family groups just sitting round in the grounds, groups of Brahmin priests (see photo) making sacred fires, accepting offerings, chatting on their moble phones"	0									
"overtook on the inside and on blind bends and hooted lots, pushing others off the road, as necessary"	0									
lovely hotels	1									
"twin girls, quite willingly, had their hair shaved completely off. Their hair was to be donated to the temple, who would sell it to make wigs"	0									
amazing to observe the varying colours of the sea. 	1									
rich greenery and white beaches	1									
facility was good	1									
"several small dishes of Thai food including spring rolls, four types of fried seafood, Thai sausage in pastry, a red duck curry and stir-fried beef. All were excellent."	1									
used their free WiFi 	1									
  the attraction here is more the beaches 	1									
 the attraction here is more the resort hotels	1									
" range of agriculture including rice paddies, coconut plantations and mango trees"	1									
averted our eyes just a little to the slaughter of chickens at the temple	0									
 Cardamon house which has attractive gardens and a swimming pool	1									
We were given flower garlands	1									
 main dance was with a metal cooking vessel balanced on the head. There were also two horse dancers on stilts	1									
"opportunity to taste Pongal and to watch it being cooked. It is like rice pudding, with less milk"	1									
"strength competigon huge stones and dropping them over your shoulder, participants blindfolded and given a stick to strike an earthenware pot"	1									
 particuladrawing the coloured drawings outside the door of each house	1									
sawhere eatfruit and sugar cane presented by a man in one of the houses and receive a blessing from the elephant - a sort of trunk raising over the head	1									
"We saw the expensive jasmine, roses in different colours which are imported and garland making"	1									
 two ladies who helped us	1									
" green and clean and fairly quiet, so it has a different feel"	1									
Here it is easy to walk around	1									
 wedding was taking place in the hotel and the lifull and lobbies were full all evening with bright and patterned saris.	1									
