The people are very warm.	1
" we went to the neighbour, where we were so nicely welcomed"	1
the people there were so nice	1
I was surprised with this 'suburb hospitality' 	1
"friendly people (finally),"	1
the staff had a sort-of high-handed attitude. 	0
getting the local authorities to harass their other customers! 	0
 The people there were friendly	1
 the lady who administers this lunch will say you twice thrice that please have full lunch 	1
 We were repeatedly mobbed by pilgrims 	0
" The locals have been so friendly and welcoming and ever eager to help out, or just to pause and discuss life"	1
" welcomers gave us yellow flower leis,"	1
 A man who I think worked for this whole production adopted me at some point because I kept lagging behind.	1
"Before we left, they asked us to fill out a questionnaire about how they could improve the festival next year."	1
They greeted us with warm welcome 	1
Suddenly a priest came before me & gave Sambar rice in plantain leaf.	1
kindly being served tea and biscuits by the shop's owner	1
he offered to give us a lift on his motorcycle.	1
All the shop owners we talked to were very nice and hospitable	1
invited us to drink chai with him	1
 I almost got in a fight with a man who was extremely rude to us for simply trying to ask for directions.	0
The man who greeted us was friendly and enthusiastic	1
"were friendly, they smiled"	1
" it is also friendly, diverse, interesting"	1
 He gave me his number so if I can be bothered to get a sim card will get in touch	1
 she smiled and asked me to follow her. 	1
 Everyone is very helpful	1
People are so nice here. Like super NICE. 	1
We continued walking the park and all the little kids want to say hi to you 	1
" a lovely waiter, Shantaraj looked after us,"	1
 Father Christmas trotted over and they made us feel like highly honoured guests.	1
" However, he was a nice person and I saw no threat from him whether regarding money or in any other aspect. "	1
There is a foreign desk there and the agent was so friendly	1
" I was sat beside the sweetest couple, who put up a Happy Birthday message for me to wake up to on the screen in front of me! "	1
 where I met a lovely girl at breakfast who gave me advice on travelling in India. 	1
"Well, we stood close by the door but the people were very polite and made room for us."	1
"Along the walk, every local along the way shouted and waved hello from wherever they stood. "	1
"At one point, a young girl and her mother stopped us in our tracks, insisting we come inside for some tea."	1
They were very welcoming and although communication was hard we really enjoyed our time with them.	1
India is hot but the people here are so friendly and welcoming	1
"To end our visit, we sung for the children in their assembly and they put on a dance and several songs for us which was lovely!"	1
I was treated to the warmest welcome I have ever had in my life.	1
"They greeted me and my fellow team leader Charlie with handshakes, kisses, smiles, blessings and one lady even hugged us into her chest."	1
the smiles and warmth of the people	1
"A man then offers me his phone to use,"	1
" expressed indignation that I didn't buy, then shouted at me as I walked away"	0
give me an invitation to his wedding.	1
he answered my probing questions with poise and frankness	1
"She walked to the vendor nearby, bought some hairpins, and returned. ""Here, I'll put it on you."" She attached the strand atop my head of short hair, framing my face nicely"	1
help me as I waited for an auto rickshaw on the road	1
 given special  treatment	1
appreciated his polite tone	1
drove me there on his motorbike.	1
tried to decide whether he should kick me out right then	0
They are all very kind	1
trip was successful because of the driver	1
 staff was courteous and nice	1
owner gave me a lift	1
 on requesting they agreed	1
Well were greeted at the gate by the owner Savita and her son Sameer. We felt like we were old friends returning after a long absence	1
"Some smirk, others burst into outright laughter, pointing as they do so"	0
Madurai number one cheating peoples in India	0
"“Foreigner not allowed in temple, temple donation fee 500 rupees, you pay me I pay to temple"	0
"We continued to sit around the bonfire after dinner, and were joined by Rhea from reception who eventually (and very politely) told us when we had to wrap things up."	1
" The waiting staff walked around replenishing each curry as soon you finished eating it, so you didn’t get the feeling that you were close to finishing your meal. Your plate always looked like you hadn’t started eating"	1
They were very friendly	1
Tamil people are so kind enough that they will help you at each and every point. I have to say thanks to all my friends who had given me so much information.	1
"Then they came, the two young men, and they didn’t leave until things were right. “We’re just people,” they insisted. Nope, angels, no doubt about it."	1
"We repaid a promise to the store owner who had helped us, by lending me a dhoti to enter the temple, in returning to his shop to have a browse"	1
As tourists we have been welcomed to observe the devotees.	1
Out of respect all visitors should be covered so you will see me in a borrowed dhoti from a very obliging carpet salesman. Apparently three quarter length shouts aren't covered enough.	1
We met a family from Hyderabad who offered some of their picnic lunch	1
" A man on a scooter stopped on the side, went to the cows and waved them out of the road to safety."	1
but the hotel staff were gracious enough and let me freshen up in a temporary room	1
"“Names are not important.” His eyes fixed on mine and both his hands went to his chest. “It’s what is in your heart that is important.” felt my insides swelling and it spilled onto my face that froze into a smile, and my face stayed that way for much of the rest of my walk"	1
"Within minutes of arriving, a man gave me two yellow flowers and wanted me to put them in my hair. A woman draped a simple garland around my neck, then held out her hand for some rupees"	0
"Normally Suriya would rise by 4:00 am and finish by 6:00 am. Only because I wanted to see did she set the time later, 6:30 am"	1
"That evening, during the Karthigai Deepam festivities, I went by her house, and she invited me and my young interpreter inside to drink coffee"	1
"Their father Rajasekar invited me to eat with them, for it was a special day where the temple would feed a certain number of people there for free"	1
 a man approached us and offered a room near the beach within our budget	1
"interaction with the chauffeurs I find, have been very informative,"	1
staff was quite friendly	1
the kindest tailor in town and am selflessly offered the help	1
"overtook on the inside and on blind bends and hooted lots, pushing others off the road, as necessary"	0
We were given flower garlands	1
 two ladies who helped us	1
