"Tamil Nadu I liked much more, not so crowded"	1
"absolutely gorgeous, with the palms, rice paddies, mountains in the distance, and it is just so lush and verdant and fertile that it fills you up with so much positive energy"	1
 Horn blowing while driving is like some form of tourettes	0
Chennai itself was a crowded city with horns blazing	0
 which was smoky pollution all the way to the top. Very disconcerting.	0
surprisingly peaceful and a very clean city	1
" is over populated, noisy, smelly, manic, chaotic and really bloody noisy"	0
but got very disappointed by the crowd	0
To have a bath there is not recommended because many litter is put into the sea.	0
" big city is not inviting because of his chaos, dust, and hot weather."	0
" the ambience was nice,"	1
"Beautiful green lands, so many coconut trees etc etc."	1
"calm and quiet place where there is no crowd, rush and noises"	1
all the constant noise and jostling 	0
a pleasant enough seaside town.	1
There are palm trees and brightly colored flowers.	1
We had been devoured by mosquitos	0
Tea planatation is what you see all around on nice slopes of the mountains.	1
"Dolphin nose is pretty.Tea platations,mist..you feel like you are in heaven."	1
"The view from the hilltop is so scenic,"	1
watching the mindblowing sceneries 	1
 the traffic to be heavy and terrifying	0
The city also maintained a constant haze of exhaust and pollution	0
 with less traffic and pollution	1
"The green trees, misty path, chill breeze, made us the heavenly feel "	1
It was nice to be in the mountains	1
"it is hot, busy, crowded, dirty, stressful and frustrating."	0
 properly beautiful.	1
The Beach is beautiful and enjoys a vast coastline	1
" all the outdoor world brought us in those first few days was leering men, horn honking, Tuk tuk drivers asking us ‘where we were going?"	0
it was a scenic drive for another 1 hour covering 18 miles	1
"The place was so serene, calm and peaceful. "	1
And there is so much honking	0
" looking down to make sure you don't step in animal feces, or on a dog laying down, or over a person, or into a car, and you are looking left and right and behind and in front of you constantly because traffic comes in ALL directions, regardless of the road you are on and/or how thick or narrow the road is."	0
overlooked the palm trees and sea.......wonderful. 	1
The trek was a wonderful experience and the scenery was marvellous	1
"The views of the Gopurams were covered by recently constructed buildings, electric poles and wires."	0
"The same beauty, same charm and same peace. There is no unnecessary constructions, no shops and no disturbances inside."	1
"One of those where one is looking down on the mist and smog of the villages down below, and the air is crystal clear above that layer. The green shades of the tea plantations were lovely, and the patterns of the tea plots, interspersed with White Oak trees, symmetrical without being manufactured. "	1
Turns our there are some very pretty parts of Kodaikanal and views across the range are spectacular.	1
The view was spectacular	1
"We arrived latish in the afternoon to normal chaos which I cant find the words to describe- people everywhere feels like millions of them, things, Post, trunks of every size all waiting to be loaded or having just been unloaded. "	0
Eventually we arrived at the beach which was not in the direction we thought we were going at all but it was lovely and with a warm breeze blowing so very comfortable.	1
"We drove through the National Parks and up many, many hairspins with amazing views over the Nilgiri Mountains."	1
"The scenery was stunning and changed from rivers, tea plantations, forests to farming fields. The Nilgiris are, despite Ooty, really beautiful and it would have been worth hanging around in one of the villages."	1
"Up early and took a quick drive through beautiful countryside to the Edakkal Caves,"	1
"The first half of the hike winded through tea patches and the top portion of the mountain took us through eucalyptus forests, eventually emerging at a cleared plateau with a small shrine and views of the surrounding valleys and mountains."	1
the constantly honking traffic! 	0
A nice cold breeze was making it very pleasant.	1
The commercialization hasn’t destroyed the beauty of the place as it has happened to all the hill station in north.	1
It is lovely being surrounded by mountains and we are lucky in that it is a few degrees cooler here than in was in Chennai which definitely makes a difference for having a good night's sleep. 	1
 On our way to the waterfall we passed some epic scenery and crossed small rushing rivers. 	1
"India is beautiful. The colors, the heat, the deep red of the soil, the lush green of the jungle, the coconuts, mangos, and unknown fruits hanging from the trees,"	1
" I still hear occasional complaints from him about bug bites, (I’m having a hard time warding off mosquitos)"	0
This too had extremely scenic views to offer. 	1
" The Beach, which is said to be 'the' or one of the nicest beaches in India, reminds me of Long Beach in CA, pre-beach clean up minus seagulls and seaweed."	1
"The route till Pondicherry is scenic. With the azure sea on your left, separated from the road by trees and shrubs, it seemed like a dream drive."	1
"The East Coast Road, commonly called ECR road from Chennai to Pondicherry is a scenic highway. "	1
On one side the never ending sea “Bay of Bengal” and on the other side the beautiful coconut trees standing in rows. 	1
" expressed indignation that I didn't buy, then shouted at me as I walked away"	0
"strong urine smells, rubbish everywhere, dodgy"	0
 nice views on the way down of the mountainous western ghats.	1
"there is some nice scenery, it's where three seas meet and you can see the sun rise and set over the sea."	1
" noisy, busy streets of Madurai are unbelievable"	0
route is very scenic	1
 The route was very scenic and cold The view of the lake was very good. It was calm and flowed smoothly.	1
 crowded streets	0
 amazing scenery to our eyes	1
 amazing view.	1
 scene from here was beautiful	1
 covered with mist and clouds most of the time	1
It was beautiful. It was silent and isolated	1
 the way gave a beautiful view with mountains and lake flowing by	1
 view was amazing	1
 the city area is not much convincing	0
 temple was neatly managed	1
 amazing view	1
"it is deliciously cool up here, no need for air-conditioning!"	1
 stuck in the almightiest of Indian traffic jams	0
 spectacular views	1
" the road being quite smooth, with very less traffic"	1
The green fields were a constant attraction	1
traffic was bit heavy.	0
"dense traffic, rickshaw throttles and fumes, scores of pedestrians, and sheer chaos of the Indian roads"	0
 Lush green rice farm with aroma in air was very soothing to eyes.	1
 beautiful scenery.	1
"road surface is awful, potholes with the occasional bit of tarmac"	0
"The road gets narrower and narrower. At one point it is being repaired, and the gap that is left looks to be roughly half the width of our Innova"	0
"Certainly in Madurai you get places much faster on two wheels than four, weaving in and out of the traffic in what should be death-defying manoeuvres but in fact often looks almost languid"	0
We crawl through the traffic	0
"side of the road, rundown streets, cattle wandering where they please......there is no sense of history in an Indian rubbish on the side of the city, no architecture of merit, apart from the temples or the occasional palace."	0
"roar and fumes of the non stop traffic that assail those choosing to sit outdoors, and in the vain hope of avoiding the mosquitoes"	0
there is a heat haze/pollution so not much is visible	0
I don’t remember walking – we were just jammed into a mass of bodies that carried us along with them	0
I was amazed by the starkness of the beach and surrounds.	1
"The chaotic traffic and masses of people made it impossible to ride more than 50 metres without stopping to avoid cars, cows or children."	0
" The Chennai train station was a mass of teaming humanity, and it looked and felt like something out of a post-apocalyptic film."	0
"unfortunately supplied a brilliant environment for mosquitoes,"	0
I probably would have liked Mamallapuram a whole lot more (despite the stifling heat) if not for the disproportionate number of super-persistent touts and beggars.	0
"We sat in the hot sun, sipped cold beer and took in the stunning view of Mt Nilgiri towering above us. This place was so incredibly relaxing!"	1
" The good news was that the views were spectacular,"	1
Tamil people are so kind enough that they will help you at each and every point. I have to say thanks to all my friends who had given me so much information.	1
Geographically it's flat with a large ( approx 10 hectares) granite rock hill on the western side. It's here back in 9th century the locals mastered the art of stone construction on a large scale. Most of the individual temples are crafted out of a single rock or from a rock face.	1
 As we slowly worked our way through the crowd	0
"As we got closer we went through pockets of blacked out suburbs, trees down, power poles down and road closures in many places"	0
"So much bustle, and jasmine in women’s hair, swishing saris, praying pilgrims, families and whole tribes of people gathered together, crimson tilaks on foreheads, echoing walls, deities peering from their rock skins, bedecked with flowers and sandalwood paste, and messages on tiny pieces of paper rolled up and dangling from their limbs."	1
"Coffee and citrus fruits, most notably oranges, are grown in abundance, as well as bananas, pears and jackfruit"	1
 disturbed by mosquitoes	0
"misty closed the “queen of the hill “mountains ,fully greeny environment with so chill climate ,serene location"	1
nature gives an excellent treat to our eyes	1
 beautiful to see the site scenes around the hills and the waterfalls	1
",it was a very beautiful serene location where the weather and scenery gets changes every 5 seconds"	1
"The town itself is quite nice, it's been a tourist destination for quite a while, so it's well set up"	1
 road-widening work coupled with the peak-hour city traffic slowed our pace drastically	0
 roar of the ocean could be clearly heard	1
 ecstatic satisfaction of viewing the sunrise of lifetime	1
Super scenery	1
The traffic is crazy	0
"temples were jammed with people - happily spending the day in family groups just sitting round in the grounds, groups of Brahmin priests (see photo) making sacred fires, accepting offerings, chatting on their moble phones"	0
amazing to observe the varying colours of the sea. 	1
rich greenery and white beaches	1
  the attraction here is more the beaches	1
" range of agriculture including rice paddies, coconut plantations and mango trees"	1
"We saw the expensive jasmine, roses in different colours which are imported and garland making"	1
" green and clean and fairly quiet, so it has a different feel"	1
Here it is easy to walk around	1
