 bit later for a toilet in a hotel (very clean squat toilet).	1
 even rubbish bins on the streets.	1
 the room was clean Toilet and bathroom and clean bedsheets and Pillowcover. 	1
 but not clean at the banks.	0
but the pool was dirty	0
",it was tidy, clean and well maintained!!"	1
" we were appalled by its dirty, run down state, as well as its jacked up prices, considering its website falsely advertised it as affordable and clean."	0
 We were disheartened to find the streets to be littered with trash 	0
the urine and cow pies in the streets	0
"the fountain in the pond was broken, and the water looked gross. And there was trash everywhere."	0
 it was disgusting and covered in trash.	0
"filthy bed sheet ( bottom only ) a,materess with holes ( insects?) and blood stains,on the walls"	0
"I ventured,into,the,kitchen,to look for the waiter,and,saw a rat eating,out,of,the,pan,of rice!"	0
 have still not fully adjusted to the happy family of cockroaches living in the fridge…We also took issue with the toddler-sized dead 	0
The place is very dirty and very poor	0
the streets are hard to walk along due to the amount of rubbish blocking the way	0
 Clean rooms with attached toilet was offered	1
"Apart from historical significance of the Vivekananda Rock, cleanliness at the Memorial was noticeable in spite of thousands visiting the memorial on that day."	1
"so the style is simple, clean"	1
I also noticed there were loads of cows wandering around at the edges and sometimes on the busy roads.	0
You can't walk on the sidewalk because there really is no set sidewalk. It is all kind of crumbled and covered in trash	0
Some of the old statues are very badly maintained. 	0
Ugly station 	0
As always we were happy to be out of the railway station with all its offensive smells and sideways glances.	0
it is dirty and smelly and we wondered why we were here.	0
The water was clean and a refreshing temperature.	1
This town turned out to be a great surprise and as we walked around through the markets we marveled at the cleanliness of it.	1
 Indians just throw everything out – on the floor if they can they just don’t seem to care.	0
"Now there are rivers of plastic, foil containers from all the food being sold and it feels like India is being buried alive under all this garbage."	0
 But this station was incredibly clean 	1
"Well, the bedsheets were clumsy and had the usual dirt,"	0
 To all the colonial touch you have the indian mess and garbage combined with some wonderful smells.	0
The chinese dishes had an indian twist and the dirt you can find in both countries was combined in this restaurant. 	0
"The AP Hotel was recently renovated, cheap and extremely clean. "	1
" But we found it to be a very pleasant, organized and clean town. "	1
The place was littered with water bottle and plastic and was stinking as well.	0
"the toilet was not too spacious, though it was very clean and functional. "	1
"Sadly the first few days we suffered a cockroach infestation, rat droppings and flooding but hopefully these are sorted now with just the odd cockroach to be seen."	0
 the park was well maintained and looked quite clean. 	1
