"the room was damp and cold, that shops don't open until 11 and to find a non Indian breakfast is a struggle. "											0
"nice hotel, with a swimming pool, for five great nights"											1
All that in one area makes for quite a resourceful place											1
"lots of accommodation, seaside restaurants and shopping opportunities. Even surfing!"											1
no real menus available for a Christmas meal in the restaurants 											0
improper maintainance											0
struggled to park our vehicle											0
charged Rs.200 for half an hour which seemed costlier to us											0
agency people were perfect and they were on time 											1
We climbed up steps to reach the top. It was so much tiring											0
safaris only twice a day											0
luxury hotel. it looks amazing											1
room was clean and good											1
had some excellent guides											1
doesn’t have a swim up bar. 											0
"fantastic, wonderful, delightful home stay"											1
fantastic Hotel 											1
mile-long queue for ticket reservations											0
there were absolutely none around at 8am in the morning when I needed one to take me the half-hour journey											0
It is seriously stunning for the absolutely enormous room I have here											1
wifi is intermittent											0
"I was given a super-deluxe, temple-view double room for the price of a standard room, and was not disappointed in my stay at the Hotel "											1
"guesthouse, great choice"											1
prices are high											0
Have a bad internet connection											0
"He's supposed to go at 11:10, but right now I find he has a delay of about 40 minutes"											0
they have an air-conditioned area where they send me as a tourist immediately											1
"you cannot pre-book, and need to queue up at 5am on the day to buy a ticket,"											0
best local restaurant											1
"As it is far too cold to consider showering, we dress and go to breakfast. This does not go well"											0
the room/tent is spacious and comfortable 											1
The stench rises like a miasma from hell. The urinal has tiled walls about three feet high											0
This comprises some open lockers with keys hanging out. The keys are not used and goods are placed inside and not locked up											0
"50 minutes later, still no food despite multiple requests"											0
hotel is a welcoming oasis of calm											1
non locking toilet 											0
Ours is called the Ideal Beach Resort and proves very comfortable											1
Hotel Mahabs in Mamallapuram was just lovely and right in the centre of town. 											1
"We were in the dormitory area which was large and comfortable. There were adjacent shower and toilet facilities to our room,"											1
"The rooms were very comfortable and large,"											1
"So here we are at the Carlton Hotel. Full buffet breakfast and dinner, complimentary tour package for 4 hours, 30 minutes boating on the lake, 200 channels of satellite TV plus entertainment action all day long. Bingo at 6 pm!! Did I mention the Bar? 
"											1
We had planned two nights here but the hotel we had booked couldn't process a Visa transaction and we had limited cash.											0
Our first night unfortunately we had to sleep in a small downstairs room with the noisy kitchen outside the interior window 											0
"after a short queue wait and a few attempts we came away with 2 notes, the maximum we were allowed. Changing these big notes isn't causing to much headache and $40 can go a long way. "											0
all the restaurants to date didn't serve alcohol so we wandered down to a place called Moonraker's in backpackistan and ordered two large bottles of the local brew called 'British Imperial Lager'.											0
but got upgraded for the second night to a much larger room with a balcony/exterior landing. 											1
Still no power in the town. 											0
"They provide the bus, jeep or van depending on the number of people"											1
"At the lake too, there was nothing to fill my appetite and I had to settle for a milk shake"											0
Hotel Lake View was definitely a very well located and maintained restaurant. There were cottages here which was located next to a lake.											1
It's a 'resort' town with lots of development along the beach											1
Our hotel in Chennai had Buffet breakfast included in our room rate 											1
"Limited power, no Internet, no banks open and credit cards not being processed due to connection problems. "											0
Both were tricky to find because the signs on the street had blown down. 											0
At one stage we had to climb up 4 stories on to the roof of the hotel to try and get a cell signal..a very funny and unusual place to be transacting business.											0
"There were no ATM's visible at the airport, they were probably in the part of the airport that was missing some of its roof! "											0
There was no one staffing the pre-paid taxi counter where we had hoped to buy a taxi chit on a credit card and avoid the hassle of the taxi touts outside											0
ATMs still wouldn't be working											0
The architecture is from the times of British and still maintained well.											1
facility was good											1
WIFI readily available in most places											1
loads of resorts											1
It was a massive pool and full of broken bricks from the construction site next to it											0
"one ticket gets you into both for 250rs. 
"											1
It was a large dining room like restaurant. We could not fathom as to what the “Hi-Tech” meant.											1
question still lingered as to what is “Hi-Tech” about it. 											0
environment-friendly mode of transportation facility was highly appreciable											1
Each passenger was provided with a dirty life jacket											0
multi-religious population dwelling in a perfect harmony.											1
chaotic little seating room											0
I search out renting a bike but to no prevail											0
town vomiting with hotels & chocolate shops											1
lovely hotels											1
facility was good											1
used their free WiFi 											1
the attraction here is more the resort hotels											1
Cardamon house which has attractive gardens and a swimming pool											1
Some bloggers have mentioned that there is no food in Pichavaram.											0
The room was well set up and the facilities clean and functional.											1
There were issues with the hotel ( they insist it is not paid for) but they finally let us in.											0
You could hire bicycles or ride a horse 											1
"The carriages are air-conditioned – evaporative systems one of the germans later explained, and pretty sound-proof, so little clackety clack. "											1
The biggest problem was the jerking starts and stops. Let’s not mention the washrooms.											0
Obviously a lot of development has been happening in these areas.											1
Nice enough hotel with a pool and reliable Wifi. 											1
We cheered when we arrived at our hotel which is near the lake and very nice. 											1
With all the chaos there is also incredible management. There are electronic signs nowadays at various intervals which tell you the trains number that is arriving as it comes and others that point out where your carriage will stop and it does!											1
"New clean linen arrived for us and the old ones taken away, its amazing how efficient it all is and how it works."											1
"did I tell you how mind boggling it is to actually find the train you need from all the choices you have – fast trains, express trains some stopping lots and some hardly at all. "											1
But it is such nice room with all the fruit we are happy.											1
"There are also A LOT of toilets and showers, some outdoor, some covered, all separated drop toilets and bucket showers "											1
"It's very comfortable and we have about a metre between beds, so it doesn't feel at all cramped."											1
but at least they had a hot shower in the evening (and only in the evening) and WIFI.											1
Got good seats in an air conditioned carriage with a table so most of us proceeded to play UNO followed by cards and then 'who am I?'											1
If only the buses had signs in Tamil and English it would make my life so much easier! 											0
We only have 5 beds for 6 of us and water is scarce with regular power cuts.											0
access to the internet has been dodgy!											0
but we'll probably have a powercut soon											0
there was no air-con in the rooms.											0
"While there we swapped stories of the work we have been doing and shared our frustrations of ""Indian Time"", how things never go to plan and how little time we actually have left."											0
"Wifi has been down since we arrived and internet is very spotty, (as is electricity as it was last night when we had to sleep in a hot room without a fan)"											0
Sadly all the resorts he had contacted were either full or non-existent. 											0
"Where we sleep now is my idea of a the perfect room: it's uncomplicated, the widow frames, doors and all furniture are handmade solid wood, the floor is covered in spanish style tiles, and the space is small - just enough."											1
"since my mobile will not work in Auroville, "											0
"Add the air-conditioning and the comfortable cushions that you are given to sit, I was more intent on not falling asleep after the hot sun outside."											1
The streets are not lighted											0
"Being in 1st class you'd expect top quality comfort etc, you do get a bed sheet and blanket, but the blanket is made from that fucking horrible itchy material! And the A/C is actually way too cold, and as such I end up catching the flu! "											0
"and with the combination of my flip-flops, haste and heavy bag I manage to spectacularly fall over, one bag goes flying, I do a few rolls...There wasn't any wet floor signs, this is India, you're meant to have common sense"											0
We waited in vain as it never came. This was our second time in India that we had experienced this let down.											0
"I was disappointed to note that none of the restaurants within a stones throw were offering a Christmas dinner, "											0
there are enough busses to cope with demand so we are not crammed in											1
Still lots of power cuts though.											0
We even got to rest in an A/C room before the train arrived											1
Cockroaches coming out of the cracks in the wall?											0
"There were two whole buses of foreigners going, all from various organized tours. "											1
Rooms were big and had balcony.											1
We took one which is offered as free by some of the volunteers there											1
Sunvalley management has also kept a local guide book in each rooms for help of visitors.											1
"bars—there aren’t any in Tamil Nadu,"											0
"owner was stressing that his cottages had Geysers & Heaters,"											1
"We never officially met the owner, and the staff was rarely anywhere to be found"											0
We had some difficulty figuring out which bus to take											0
We left early the next morning for the Chennai airport via the taxi we'd booked through the hotel.											1
"in a guesthouse with cold water only, electricity only a few hours a day"											0
I was glad that the temple committee do not have such stringent rules and regulations on foreigners.											1
"I made all the arrangements from booking the cab, Lodge, Dance & dinner"											1
I then found out nowhere had wifi.											0
The hotel was pretty horrible and the room wasn’t ready											0
"My new room was actually worse than the last one, "											0
the pictures and the price we paid didn’t really live up to what we were expecting of our hotel and so we ended up in a pretty depressing room											0
the place looking like some form of prison carriage used to ferry convicts about the country											0
It’s a decent hotel near town bus station and you will get a good AC double room 											1
The information is not displayed anywhere except at the ticket counter											0
we are blissed to have such a room where we can come together in the middle but have beds that are so far apart that its like we have a private space. 											1
it was a resort type complex but our very spacious rooms with the best beds so far											1
Indian Panorama is the company and we can't praise them highly enough for organising such a fantastic holiday.											1
"Thanks to PLA Residency, Thanjaore and Rayas Annexe , Kumbakonam for the Excellent stay and a Neat Food.The Service was Good and to the requirement."											1
"ultra-modern, large restaurant with an excellent buffet featuring a wide variety of Indian foods"											1
I was not best pleased and had a right moan at the bloke in charge.											0
At Coonoor we got on a small train to climb to Ooty.											1
"it only took one look and we almost ran out of the hostel. Next one: full, next one: full, next one: full..."											0
we could not get any money from the ATM											0
"when we wanted to pay by card, they wanted to charge an extra 2%."											0
The only downside to the place was the constent power cuts											0
"wherever you travel, you have buses in quick intervals."											1
This vehicle was overflowing with local crowds.											0
"I was a bit surprised, that such a huge city has no outdoor shops."											0
In Kodaikanal there was very often power breakdown.											0
This train seems to be just for tourists											1
"Shops, cafes (with real coffee!),"											1
Coimbatore Railway Station has a variety of lodges and accommodation for nearly every type of traveler. 											1
I have decided to dedicate a few good words to the place. 											1
"We waited embarrassingly for much more than an hour for the food to arrive and when it did, it was cold pizza!"											0
The room was ok ok not so good in terms of housekeeping or maintenance											0
In the toilets we peered into the cubicles and recoiled in horror.											0
"We three (my wife, son and myself) checked in Hotel Vivek where we had booked a room thru net."											1
