" It turned out that the roadworks may have been keeping them away but for a different reason than noise or smell - with the road mostly not being used,"	0
" Nice clean toilet,"	1
 At the city outskirts both sides of the highway were decorated with well maintained gardens.	1
 Thanks to those people who were maintaining this highway.	1
 I could maintain my speed of 100 to 120 Kms per hour even at night at ease.	1
 I noticed a cockroach in the Toilet-seat.	0
" Toilets were clean but without water which was very inconvenient,"	0
Toilet was clean with necessary facilities (even hot water also).	1
 We brought Dettol and spread it to the Toilet before use.	0
" Toilet was quite good with hot water facility,"	1
 Sunday was spent clearing out and tidying the apartment.	1
 The maid hadn’t been in for a few days which made it a bit complicated and I had no idea what to do with the rubbish… The Security Guard helped me figure it out and I took down a lot of foodstuffs for them to save it being wasted.	0
 I made sure everything was clean and tidy and chilled watching TV and debating with myself about whether I should pack and take home the £10 doormat I’d bought when I arrived.	1
 reasonably clean toilet and above all tariff was quite reasonable (Rs.	1
 Both the room as well as the toilet were not clean.	1
 Towel provided was dirty and became disfigured due to prolonged usage.	0
 It was very clean and equipped with all required facilities.	1
The place was maintained by Vivekananda Kendra.	1
This was also a two lane road and moderately maintained except few places.	0
 This was a wide and well maintained road.	1
 Both the room as well as Toilet were dirty.	0
 Cot and Bed-sheet were not cleaned for a long time.	0
 I was maintaining comfortable speed with increased caution remembering the horrific incident we had yesterday.	0
Other eventful events of the week were a huge cockroach arriving in the apartment which thankfully Brian dealt with (he was willing to pick it up to put it outside!	0
 everyone crowded around… I tried to clean it up… nobody would let me clean it up and then the cleaning lady who happened to be nearby gave me the most unimpressed looks… I saw her the next day and smiled and I got another very unimpressed look :/ We also went out to a really nice Indian restaurant called Tandoor with the neighbour Marcus (who we’d met before) and his wife Elin (who’d just come back from overseas).	0
" People celebrated this day by cleaning their homes,"	1
This centuries old fort was still owned and maintained by ancestors of the Maratha rulers.	1
 This fort was maintained by Archaeological Survey of India.	1
Another noticeable feature was the cleanliness maintained inside the temple premises.	1
 small but clean toilets etc.	1
 Railway police maintain strict vigil to avoid any possibility of mishap at Dudhsagar.	1
 The temple was maintained by railways.	1
 the water wasn’t clear and there was a lot of rubbish in it (I wouldn’t have got in if I thought the water was dodgy) and the rocks were really slippery.	0
 it's very clean and the wifi is the quickest I've ever come across in India.	1
 Literally could've cleaned the c u next Tuesday out!	0
 They’re often eating from the rubbish though… not really sure how that works.	0
 so regular cleaning is important).	1
" A lot of cleaning up and repairs activities were on during my visit,"	1
 the authorities have ensured that this heritage site is properly maintained and has become a major tourist attraction in the state of Karnataka.	1
 An archeological museum housing artifacts of the era is also being maintained in the complex.	1
 There is always garbage around(mostly on fire since thats the best way one can get rid of garbage).	0
 I don't think they'd cleaned the place since it was built.	0
 There were also a couple of fairground rides and a dirty gypsy encampment nearby.	0
 The buffaloes looked clean and shiny when they emerged.	0
 stained glass windows and Minton tiles.	0
 particularly the peacocks in the decoration both in the stained glass and the tiles.	1
 upon his return from his lunch was shocked to see Obavva standing with a blood stained Onake and hundreds of dead bodies of the enemy around her.	0
decided to monitor my speed (preferably not beyond 110 km/hr) and thereafter maintained the same throughout my journey.	1
"Bijapur looked dirty compared to other Karnataka Tourist places,"	0
Initial drive was thru a narrow and badly maintained road (around a Kilometer) inside a village.	0
 Room was clean although not matching with the tariff.	1
" only superficially cleaned (surprisingly,"	1
 the bedsheets and towels smelled and looked freshly washed) and the bathroom was filthy.	0
 We have never seen such a dirty city in our lives before.	0
" There was rubbish all around,"	0
 clean and quiet room with a big bathroom with hot water and a balcony (with a view over the fields around Bijapur).	1
 They were all taking a bath in the dirty river where big crocodiles are supposed to be.	0
 cleaning their teaths and so on.	1
 but properly maintained except few places.	1
" the stained glass windows and the burmese teak wood with ivory ingrained it,"	1
 Either wooden or cement based and were quaint and clean with fans.	1
 already the car was very dirty with wheels and lower part becoming red mingled with debris.	1
 cleaning of the hotel were not of that standard.	0
 even going so far as to tell the guy who was on the toilet to hurry up since I needed to go.	0
 feeding the micro-organisms in the soil and allowing other plants and animals and so on to live as well.	1
 the streets are quite littered with trash and during the day there are people everywhere.	0
 We smell it long before we see it – a horrible rotting stench that takes us by surprise as try to work out where it could be coming from.	0
" and smells slightly of smoke,"	0
" She manages to render three roadside toilets (one in a petrol station and two in a hotel,"	1
" The fourth toilet defeats her though as many previous users' shit is already piled up to the level of the seat,"	0
 but it was the clean toilet that was the main reason for the stop.	1
" the hotel had huge clean rooms with hot water that worked,"	1
 I loved the floor tiles and extensive stained glass in peacock motifs in the Marriage Pavilion.	1
" pillows and blankets were provided and looked clean enough,"	1
 I’d like to report that the toilets weren’t nearly as horrible as I’d imagined.	1
If you want some ‘toilet tips for moving trains' – shoes are always better than thongs (flip flops) for obvious reasons; tight fitting leggings or trousers are better than floppy/baggy ones; and the squat toilets are far cleaner than the western-styled toilets.	0
" all perfectly clean and our room was just amazing: huge,"	1
 And had a perfect sleep in the comfy bed without any stains or bedbugs.	1
and clean streets!	1
ever say this about a toilet in India ;-)).	1
 dirty street food stalls.	0
 dark but clean place.	1
 We were welcomed very friendly - our room was small but looked clean and ok.	1
 some guys were cleaning themselves and others were washing dishes.	1
 We arrived at the bus station in Hassan and were really surprised how clean and well organized this bus station is.	1
 The bathroom looked about the same (like being cleaned for the last time about 10 years ago).	0
 The flush of the toilet was not working anymore.	0
 we did not even hear or smell that the co-passengers were all doing really miserable.	0
 It is a beautiful and really well maintained temple.	1
" eating rubbish and whatever food westerners give them,"	0
 which seemed reasonable until the last night when I noticed fucking cockroaches crawling all over the place!	0
Buss stop is clean and bigger (it is located at outskirts of Bangalore) compare to other stops.	1
 It's a feast for the eyes as everywhere you look you see the most ornately carved teak and rosewood doors and ceilings and amazing stained and painted glass ceilings.	1
- St Philomena's Cathedral built between 1933 and 1941 in neo-Gothic style with beautiful stained glass windows.	1
 dirty main road but it was there.	0
 This temple seemed to have preserved better and the grounds were really well maintained with greenery and a garden surrounding it.	1
" The stink of garbage and god knows what else made this experience even more difficult,"	0
" I'm sitting outside the place now being stared down by the cleaning ladies,"	0
" I see the dirt and rubbish in the street,"	0
" I arrive at his door and his wife greets me with a tray with contains a sweet smelling candle,"	1
 in a clean and safe apartment in Bangalore.	1
 our poor tummies were not used to processed rubbish in those pizza's.	0
"toilet window needing to be papered up,"	0
 the good news is that the hotel is clean and the room comfortable (though it is a shame that there is an external light pointing straight into our bedroom through the exceedingly thin curtains).	1
" So far it is looking like a good choice – a clean room,"	1
 all ridiculously attired in one way or another and exchanging a polite “good morning” in some sort of show of solidarity in the face of adversity (etiquette has to be maintained you know).	1
" We think that the place is a bit out of the 70s but there is no smell of weed drifting around,"	0
 We had tried room service; a man appeared with a grease stained menu card.	1
" which outdoes most other Indian streets in looking dirty and unfinished,"	0
 Execrable taste but it was clean – such a relief!	1
 Maybe the fish ate the rubbish and all died.	0
" As it was Republic Day the school children were all dressed up in clean uniforms,"	1
" all kinds of smells and colours and,"	0
they collect the garbage in some areas of Mysore.	1
 crisp clean sheets and thick luxury towels- oh so mmmmmmmm.	1
 The parks were quite clean and clearly actively managed.	1
" Mysore seemed clean and quite regal,"	1
 stained glass from Glasgow.	1
 Of course the carriages were dirty and not very inviting.	0
 Full of people and noise but fairly clean which was good to see.	0
 My conviction got further strengthened as we could maintain an average speed of 60+ for first half an hour or so (close to Sullya).	1
 Hanumana Gundi Falls is managed and maintained by forest department of the state government.	1
" we were mooching around and taking in the sights and the smells of this bustling area,"	1
" After about 3 minutes into being pulled this way and that to buy this or smell that etc,"	0
 the trash everywhere and now this.	0
 While maintaining a focus on humanity – this was a very prevalent theme at every business in India the humanity aspect of business.	1
 developing the organization and allowing things to group.	1
 We had to get the paper handed to us by the lady who looked like she was there to clean the bathroom.	1
 The food of Chokhi Dhani which we always use to talk about which is very famous in Jaipur maintained the same standard and taste in Bangalore also.	1
 There was no toilet roll in Bangalore it seemed.	0
" We are staying in an all girls residence which is very clean and safe,"	1
 I visited the toilets approximately 55 times to make full use of the toilet roll.	1
" Speaking of toilets we also found a mall in the middle of Mysore which is half built (health and safety not on the radar) but very much open and contained,"	0
 a set of loos with not only toilet roll but soap dispensers and an actual hand drier.	1
The palace is one of the most impressive buildings I have ever seen from stunning green-pillared wedding room (dad-get saving I have found my future marriage venue) to very British-style stained glass windowed courtyards.	1
 The sea looks clean but is more for surfers than swimmers.	1
picnic site (judging by the litter left around!	1
" It’s also clean and has good information counters,"	1
 The place is well maintained as it’s still private.	1
 The Marriage room (which has the most amazing glass ceiling made of iron and stained glass manufactured in Glasgow.	1
) And finally the King’s private audience room – again the ceiling is a beautifully coloured stained glass marvel of craftsmanship.	1
The surrounding garden and area is also well maintained and there are a variety of Temples at corners of the outer perimeter and very grand gateways on each side.	1
 The station at B is pretty big and clean and they have a left luggage counter which we use so that we might explore the city a bit.	1
 Toilet flooded.	0
 The public “pay as you use” Toilets which seem to be all over the South charge C Rs 3 and M only 2?	0
"Other activities are also organized such as thanks giving to elderly couples completing 50 years of marriage,"	1
 the law and order is maintained by a large number of police.	1
 Mary’s basilica is a 300 years old Church and organizing daily prayers.	1
Drinking water and toilets are available inside Janapadaloka.	1
 and smell like smoke.	0
" since the floor had obviously not been cleaned in quite awhile (if ever),"	0
 he saw a rat on the windowsill!	0
fell into the toilet and began flailing about.	0
 Stained glass from Scotland.	1
 Seul bémol: nous avons vu un souris et 2-3 rats courants au long des murs.	0
 occasionally picking up trash and putting it in his mouth with no supervision.	0
 showing us to our incredibly spacious and clean room and then serving us masala chai in her living room.	1
 that the holy beach is not really a good place to hang out or swim because it is littered with trash and cow pies.	0
 since the other beaches in the town are very clean and beautiful.	1
 We’ve come to realize during our time in India that littering is widely practiced and accepted – it’s simply part of the culture.	1
" Unlike Americans who are raised on the notion that littering is unacceptable and bad for the earth,"	0
"though I find it difficult not to cringe when I see someone throw a plastic bottle on the ground when there’s a trash can right next to them,"	0
 unhealthy cows roaming about eating trash or whatever they can find.	0
 burping and going to the toilet in the street.	0
 I have lost count of the number of men I have seen going to the toilet in the street.	0
 But I challenge them to work full time and then come home to cook and clean and pay bills (And that isn’t even taking into account looking after the children!	0
 Cows knee deep in street rubbish somehow eking out an alternate food source to grass.	0
" noise and smells are brutally left field from Woolworths,"	0
they can handle the rugged dirty garbage ridden streets and lane-ways barefoot.	0
 Organic Department and Soil Scientists.	1
 such as cleanliness and toileting.	1
 The hospital looked very clean and tidy.	1
" We don’t notice the noise or the litter anymore,"	1
 There is also a push here in India to increase the size of organic land as well as encourage biogas plants and bio-digester systems.	1
" stained linen,"	1
The one disappointing thing about India is the rubbish which lines every street and roadside.	0
 The food we eat is organic too and cooked on traditional fire stoves.	1
 and are welcomed with sandalwood garlands which smell amazing!	1
 The medicinal herb garden was really interesting and the fermentation room smelled like beer and christmas cake!	1
 like rubbish collection.	0
 Everything from my first experience with an Indian toilet (I have done well to avoid it for a week!	0
 Emily took the initiative to check the other toilets and we find two western ones beside the four Indian style loos!	1
 The people here are treated very well and the centre is clean and tidy.	1
 I feel very emotional watching this and the loud music and smells sweep you away.	1
 Mithras helper only works in the mornings to clean and wash.	1
 it smells like roses.	1
go and was shocked to open the toilet door at Bangalore airport to be faced by a small drain in the ground and a hose attached to the wall.	0
 but a filthy encrusted toilet and dirty sheets at $10/night is peevishly shoddy indeed.	1
 cleans and looks after you.	1
" breathing in the smells and feeling the heat,"	0
" imparticular the area where Brinda created the Global Concerns India office (a small 10x20 sqft room with a metal garbage pull down door),"	0
" spices and sandalwood battling the astringent stench of urine and stagnant effluent; and,"	1
 street-side urination for men (and children) is still common place – some of this is pure laziness as there are far more public toilets now available in cities.	0
000+) Indians still have no access to any form of a toilet and much common/derelict/in-development/simply semi-private land are the only places available for the purpose.	0
 only local flop-houses that patently would not have been either secure or safe – located near the train station was surrounded by wine shops and grotty bars (many so grim that even we would not consider patronage) and by mid-afternoon the streets were littered with prone drunks.	0
" The room we took in Bijapur was tiny with peeling walls and the odd cockroach (no problems with that at all),"	0
 but a filthy encrusted toilet and dirty sheets at $10/night is peevishly shoddy indeed.	0
 Remove the bloody television – saving on electricity – and pay someone to actually clean the room.	0
 clean mall.	1
" It was my first pit toilet experience,"	1
 but I can't help but be grateful that we were not left at a toilet in the middle of nowhere at night.	1
 and were pleased to find it clean and spacious.	1
 but the centre of the city based around Cubbin park is pleasantly clean and modern.	1
" I maintained my rage all the way to Colombo,"	0
 you can't wear shoes inside and the floor is about as clean as a Rodeo.	1
000+) Indians still have no access to any form of a toilet and much common/derelict/in-development/simply semi-private land are the only places available for the purpose.	0
 and the sweaty sock-fart smell of our rooms were totally worth it.	0
 and there was some beautiful stained glass from Glasgow.	1
" then cleans it with water and cow dung (since cows are sacred this serves as cleansing and purification),"	1
" There were ladies cleaning in the bathroom,"	1
 and I think that me trying to clean up after myself might have been insulting their hospitality.	0
 looked very clean and have very friendly staff.	1
 Some preferred to go to toilet first and some preferred to have breakfast first.	1
 When I saw a big crowd near toilets I decided to have breakfast first fearing that the food might finish if I make late.	0
 The food area was near the amphitheatre (the program area) which was about half a km away from the toilet area.	0
 we marked that the water was dirty and there were various types of insects in the water.	0
" No toilet paper either,"	0
In next 10 minutes I was enjoying the beautiful and clean city streets of Mysore.	1
I love visiting monasteries mostly for the peaceful environment and tidiness which really a 'big miss' in any other Hindu Temple.	1
 I walked further ahead and found that entire campus was huge and maintained with utmost creativity and serenity.	1
 we maintained to walk down the stream.	1
Climbing is very exciting as because the stairs are very neat and clean amongst the dense forests and hills all around.	1
" The fort itself was also my favourite out of the many we saw in Rajathan because it was really well-maintained and there was a free audio-tour,"	1
The last stop on our whirlwind tour of Rajasthan was Jaisalmer (getting there involved an incredibly hot crowded 6 hour bus journey with no toilet or food stops.	0
Mysore is a beautiful clean city—lots of gardens.	1
 their urine is a cleaning agent.	0
" their urine is still valued in making medicines—as it has been for 3-4,"	1
" it is a shame Indians don’t value these monuments as they scrawl graffiti on everything and throw rubbish all over the place,"	0
" the air was waft with the smell of the sea (fish,"	0
 The room was clean and laid artistically with typical village style windows (check out the pics) and a cement slab cot.	1
Another thing that became pretty routine were the rats crawling round and in our huts at night.	0
 it is clean and comfortable and within just a few minutes’ walk of the palace.	1
 a kitchen and toilet at a local primary school in a near by village and a warden accommodation at the deaf school.	1
" We’ve traveled for competitions unreserved in foul smelling general compartments,"	0
 The rooms are cozy and non-musty smelling – not a spec of dust to be found.	1
" They come with proper beds (clean blankets and all),"	0
 To have a bath there is not recommended because many litter is put into the sea.	0
This place was used as toilet place.	0
 We had some compunctions to sit there because we were so dirty and did not seem to fit to this place.	0
As you can tell by my minimal and rubbish photos there was not much to see in Pondicherry!	0
" was littered with signs of the local fishing industry (boats,"	0
 especially as we had anticipated the beach in Mamallapuram would be an open human toilet rather than something usable.	0
 I had been sold a deluxe BBQ fishy dream and had been served a diabolical monstrosity a sewer rat would steer clear of.	0
 maybe a putrefied rat curry?	0
" It must be tough in these situations to maintain your professionalism,"	0
"Madurai is a surprisingly peaceful and a very clean city (compared to those in the North),"	1
 We walked around the temple for sometime taking snaps it was surprisingly clean inside and the complex was very interesting although I was disappointed to see a temple elephant that looked in poor condition.	0
" there is little garbage strewn about and the cows don’t appear to be eating plastic,"	0
 It has been specially cleaned because a government minister is travelling on it.	1
 We were asked by our organizers to disembark immediately to allow room for the porters to get our cases down from the overhead racks and off the train.	1
 and a bit later for a toilet in a hotel (very clean squat toilet).	1
 The cleaning ladies at the guest house all drew designs outside the door which I took a rather rubbish picture of.	1
" I maintained my semi-indifference,"	0
Unfortunately I have a horrible and severe allergic reaction to the cleaning products and warm oil mosquito repellant used in the chalet.	0
 I was surprised that there was no unusual smell to the air as there is in Africa.	1
 and smells really bad but tastes good!	1
