" There was some traffic because only part of the road was being resurfaced,"	0
 which is a concrete viewing platform sticking out from the road over the downward slope of the mountain.	0
" It turned out that the roadworks may have been keeping them away but for a different reason than noise or smell - with the road mostly not being used,"	0
" They had one cottage located in the middle of the pineapple fields where Kyle,"	1
 crops and fruit trees everywhere you look.	1
This is the view out the back door of our bungalow.	1
" Being a heavily crowded two lane road,"	0
 That was a smooth drive with less traffic until reaching near Tirupati.	1
facilities having excellent view of the Seven hills.	1
 beautiful reception lounge and convenient car parking.	1
 I could notice significant water accumulations in the fields both sides of the highway signifying heavy rainfall occurred few days back.	0
 A beautiful red and golden sun was going down below the horizon.	1
 I stopped my car to enjoy the spectacular sunset.	1
" There were number of traffic signals to negotiate,"	0
 There were number of river-facing rooms to enjoy the splendid beauty of the river.	1
 But mountains therein looked barren at many places and lush thick vegetation like here was not a common sight.	1
 Traffic was slow and hundreds of trucks were waiting to cross the border.	0
" The Golden Sea Beach here attracted tourists,"	1
Early morning I reached the Sea beach and to my surprise hundreds of people were already waiting for the same reason.	1
 Location of the hotel was not ideal since the sea beach was not directly visible.	1
 beauty of NH enhanced much more after a rain and the dry road got a new life.	0
Scenic beauty of this leg was breathtaking and beyond narration.	1
 NH 16 (towards east) proceeded here with mountain ranges on the left side and Chilka Lake on the other side.	1
 I stopped my car and sat on a hillock quite sometime to enjoy the enchanting beauty of nearby mountains and Chilka Lake on the distant downhill.	1
 This place was ideal to have a bird’s eye view of the entire area.	1
"Sitting on the hillock I could view the NH 16 proceeding towards the distant horizon,"	1
 This portion was arguably the most scenic of my entire journey.	1
 Viewing the mystic chilka at night during moonlight from the running train was a heavenly sight and was one of my cherished memories I would never forget.	1
 It was a big city and I had to spend around 45 minutes to combat with busy traffic and cross the city.	1
 There was heavy police posting throughout my journey and good traffic management could be noticed everywhere.	0
" Each of them had beautiful name like Kokila,"	1
15 AM and caught into painful traffic in Bangalore - Mysore Highway.	0
 Moreover it was quite crowded upto Nanjanagudu.	0
 Thereafter it was an excellent drive inside the forest thru the mountain track.	0
 Another attraction was existence of no of trees standing behind these cottages.	1
 We could watch varieties of birds in those trees next morning.	1
 There were two separate cots equipped with fantastic mosquito nets.	1
 It was extremely difficult for any insect/mosquito to pierce thru the window.	1
 Behind the cottage was a large field with plantations.	1
 At the end of the field the dense forest started.	1
" It was a glaring day with beautiful sunshine,"	1
 We climbed the hillock and noticed a beautifully crafted branch of an uprooted tree.	1
 enjoyed cool breeze with bright sun-shine and magnificent view all around.	1
" A 360 degree view could be watched from here,"	1
 But hungry belly and distant view of crowd near the canteen prevented us to wait further.	1
 the resonance of tree leaves.	1
 That area was gifted with lot of trees and home to varieties of birds.	0
" That place was heaven for bird watchers,"	1
" particularly a row of mid-sized trees behind Vanasuma and Vanaranjini cottages,"	1
There was a private memento shop after crossing the Forest Check Post named Temple Tree Designs.	1
 We had both Mosquito Coil as well as Mosquito Repellent in our stock.	1
 But we did not notice mosquito/insects coming inside the room.	1
 our original plan of beginning early (to avoid the painful Bangalore traffic) did not materialise.	0
flyover was very crowded particularly due to ongoing Metro construction work upto Kengeri.	0
" Apples were beautifully arranged like Pyramid in the Van,"	1
" Beautiful greeneries could be seen outside,"	1
 No vehicular traffic was allowed between 6 PM to 6AM next day.	0
 View of the forest was wet and mystic.	1
 Innumerable tall trees could be seen behind and the left of the Guest House.	1
" Two separate cots with mosquito nets,"	0
 we noticed the deer herd walking around the tree branches.	1
"noise of barking deer,"	0
difficult to view properly while driving.	0
First view of the falls from quite a distance was a pale white patch coming thru the mountains.	1
 A mystic and beautiful sight.	1
A beautiful Rameshwara temple was situated at the foothills and adjacent to the ticket counter.	1
From the foothills itself the roaring sound of the waterfalls could be heard.	1
 There was no noise except the sound of nature.	1
 Todays feature was the sound of wind emanating from huge tree leaves nearby Guest House.	1
 We brought both manual as well as electrical “mosquito repellent” and both were operating.	0
 Both the cots were equipped with separate good-looking Mosquito nets.	0
 I could hear the sound of tree leaves further strengthened due to strong wind blows.	1
 We carried Mosquito Coil as well as Mosquito Repellent.	0
" not because of mosquitos but to protect from insects,"	0
One of my main problems was the traffic… I considered myself fortunate I didn’t have to drive in it (you need courage to drive in India!	0
" There’s not many places in Indian cities where you can walk around quiet streets,"	0
Selecting a particular que in a crowded Toll Booth with so many options was anybody’s guess.	0
 Intensity of traffic largely reduced after Hosur and we could increase the speed.	1
 The road between Hosur and Krishnagiri/ Dharmapuri was very scenic with surrounding hills in both sides.	1
 Car was smoothly cruising the highway and we were enjoying the surrounding beauty of nature.	1
 we reached the beautiful Ghat Section near Salem.	1
" NH44 was proceeding amidst this beautiful landscape like a serpent,"	1
 we faced traffic congestion and decided to fill our stomach.	0
 Inside atmosphere was calm and quite.	1
 This was a narrow and crowded road.	0
" Locating a place in a big crowded city like Madurai,"	0
" This beautiful temple is the abode of Goddess Parvati,"	1
 Roads in and around the temple were very narrow and heavily crowded with all kinds of vehicles and pedestrians.	0
 Fortunately there was not much crowd to observe the same.	1
 There was a beautiful balcony adjacent to the room.	1
 Three big trees in the garden located very near to the balcony were accommodating no of squirrels and varieties of birds.	1
 Gradually tall mountain ranges emerged in the distant horizon.	1
 Road was extremely busy with full of traffic throughout the journey to our ultimate destination.	0
 Road passed thru several busy areas (both in Tamil Nadu and subsequently in Kerala) and in all these places traffic congestion was a big pain.	0
 One mosquito repellent was provided without any repellent oil.	0
 Main idol of Sree Padmanahaswamy is about 18 Ft long and can be viewed through three main doors.	1
 there was not much crowd and huge congestion in front of the deity and we had an excellent darshan of the Lord.	0
"View of Indian Ocean,"	1
 This place was beautiful with greeneries everywhere.	1
 The road was heavily crowded with all kinds of vehicles.	0
 the agility and skill of negotiating crowded streets by the Red Colour State Government Buses were noticeable.	1
 Thereafter the environment became quiet and lonely.	1
Kanyakumari beach was next in the list.	1
 Drizzle started and we were enjoying the panoramic view of the sea and the rainfall taking sip in the tea cup from the hotel balcony.	1
 Panoramic view of the swelling sea waves striking the sea shore were really fascinating.	1
 mountain ranges in distant horizon created a scenic view in the morning sunshine.	1
 I pressed the horn but it ignored and paused almost at the middle of the narrow road.	0
 The right hand mirror of the car hit the horn of the cow and was completely broken.	0
The sea beach was wonderful and pleasant.	1
 It was a nice and peaceful darshan.	1
 turned the roads into rivers and the traffic into even more random chaos.	0
 We approached the main road (which we needed to be on the other side of) and there were 4 rows of moving traffic coming from the right… my first though was oh great we have to get in that and then find somewhere to do a U-Turn (which takes ages) but oh no… fear not… the Auto man was not going to waste time and without any hesitation just headed straight out into the traffic!	0
 everyone crowded around… I tried to clean it up… nobody would let me clean it up and then the cleaning lady who happened to be nearby gave me the most unimpressed looks… I saw her the next day and smiled and I got another very unimpressed look :/ We also went out to a really nice Indian restaurant called Tandoor with the neighbour Marcus (who we’d met before) and his wife Elin (who’d just come back from overseas).	0
 roads were having comparatively less traffic possibly due to Ugadi Festival.	1
 Nearby fields were dry with traces of greenery in few places.	0
Satara was very pleasant due to its panoramic beauty amongst hills.	1
 Roads were filled with considerable traffic (noticeably large no of two wheelers).	0
 There was comparatively less crowd in Mumbai roads also due to Gudi Padwa festival.	1
"First route was convenient but the second route offered scenic beauty,"	1
 two lane highway and above all crowded and risky.	0
 After proceeding further the Savitri river took a beautiful turn.	1
There was a banian tree on the bank of the river.	1
 calm and quietness of the place and splendid nature around.	1
 The road was narrow at some places like normal hilly roads but occasionally having heavy traffic with all kinds of small and large vehicles.	0
" this curvy and scenic ghat road was spectacular through tall mountain ranges,"	1
 Gradually the place became crowded with tourists.	0
the vast area of mountain ranges.	1
The fort area was huge and from the downhill it was difficult to believe that such a vast land existed on the mountain top.	1
 The Shayadri mountain ranges surrounded in all its sides which made this place safe and difficult to conquer.	1
"Beautiful tea cups in a road-side restaurant,"	1
 Suddenly the landscape changed and we were driving thru majestic mountains and the deep valleys.	1
It was a beautiful drive and probably the best part of our entire tour.	1
" The scenic beauty was breathtaking with mountains with lush greeneries all over,"	1
 We checked in Hotel Calangute Residency Annex (a Goa Tourism budget Hotel very near the sea beach) quickly and rushed to the sea beach.	1
" The beach was full with thousands of tourists,"	0
 Even after the night fall the beach was crowded.	0
beach and had a nice sleep in cool breeze.	1
The hotel was situated very near to the beach entrance.	1
 Also lot of shops were selling light beach garments.	1
Stoppage to Kolva Beach was worth remembering.	1
" Guide explained that it was the 2nd longest (19 km) sea beach in India (after Marina,"	1
There was no time for us to join and we left the beach with an interesting experience.	1
There were two beautiful temples in our tour.	1
" A beautiful Classical Bhajan was being played during our visit to the Mungeshi temple,"	1
for public viewing once every ten years and attract viewers all over the world.	1
 But when the entry gate opened the entire crowd was managed in a very well-planned and disciplined manner.	1
 A very calm and quite place compared to the crowd of Goa Beaches.	1
Dudhsagar Waterfalls by train.	1
But the majestic and roaring waterfall made us mesmerised and at the same time frightened.	1
 It was a mixture of fierce and beauty at the same time.	1
It was a bumpy ride throughout a kachha road inside the dense forest and mountains on the horizon.	0
 The scenic beauty was excellent to watch and enjoy.	1
 He further recalled that earlier he used to take tourists from Kollem to the waterfalls thru a very narrow walking route just adjacent to the railway track by motorcycle.	0
We reached the waterfalls at around 2 O Clock.	1
Dudhsagar was a multi-tired waterfall and the railway track passed thru the middle portion of the waterfall.	1
" We reached to the bottom of the falls from where a beautiful panoramic view of the top,"	1
 the surrounding western ghat mountains as well as the green forest were visible.	1
 The scenic beauty was extremely pleasing.	1
 about 1 ½ hours away without traffic… 3 hours with Bangalore traffic.	0
" The traffic is so so frustrating but you do go slow enough to notice what’s going on,"	0
" a car making its way very slowly amongst the traffic… on the wrong side of the road,"	0
 sugar cane and rice fields that got lusher and lusher.	1
" It was really crowded inside,"	0
 more traffic than usual.	0
 after Andamans I thought any other beach wouldn't look so great.	1
 Beautiful beach again!	1
 There’s not much to say about the journey other than traffic… (most of my photos so far are of the traffic and cows for a reason… !	0
 There are also some very nice and interesting views of Bangalore from the building.	1
It’s Friday night now and it’s a quiet one… sorting out the house and watching Slumdog Millionaire.	1
" it’s such a beautiful hotel and the staff are so nice,"	1
I had a bit more shopping to do but because of the traffic (it takes a long time to get anywhere in Bangalore… most of my photos at present are of traffic) we had to get back to meet colleagues who were over from the UK for dinner.	0
 you don’t get bored even in the traffic because there’s so much going on to look at.	0
 At first I felt a bit daunted because I thought I should have had more clothes on (was wearing a T-shirt and knee length skirt) and it was really crowded but it was fine and one of the nicest shopping trips ever.	0
 nice view and Brian liberated a coconut… am not entirely sure how he’ll get it open but we’ll see.	1
 The city traffic on the Pune Bypass Road was dense and it took almost an hour to get out of it and reach Katraj Tunnel.	0
" That era is remembered for the developments in the field of art,"	1
 This jagati provides convenience and render a good view of the wall-relief and artistic sculptures to the visitors.	1
 The traffic was sparse on the Bangalore – Mangalore Highway.	0
 the local population to their places of work and students to their educational institutions.	1
 Large timber yielding trees provide shade for these coffee bushes.	1
 The view of Western Ghats from the top of the mountain was breathtaking and we could soak in the 360 degree panoramic view.	1
" The 150-km long drive to Mangalore was scenic very through the ghats,"	1
 Angry and frustrated people honking to get to place that they dred.	0
 You look up and the canopy of huge trees will make you smile.	1
 The floor is just as beautiful as the dry leaves are left to scatter around.	1
The first thing we spotted on our tour were the banyan trees that made the path way all wavy as their roots sprung underneath.	0
 I recommend standing close to the tree and patting it.	1
 I don't know about anyone else but elephants have always been a source of wonder and awe to me and the banyan tree came pretty close.	1
Then we walked towards a jack-fruit tree that made a prefect umbrella-picnic spot(minus the umbrella as the tree acted like one).	1
The best part was the range of trees at the edge of the park that stood like the choir (close together) and almost sung.	1
" A truly spectacular moment,"	1
 it was like a cross between the room from “the Beach” and hell.	0
 but in terms of beauty it's on a par with it.	1
 chaos everywhere.	0
 though a scenic train track through the heights of tropical forest however being one of the standing sardines in a thickly packed out second class coach (fit with crazy man lock & chained to a bar) for a delayed 8 hours wasn't so romantic as planned!	0
I have seen nothing but view from above and airport.	1
 Here there is a view over the city.	1
 It was peaceful here with no school children.	1
On the way to Pattadakal there were many birds in the fields and on the overhead wires.	1
" Mysore Road used to be very crowded these days,"	1
" but luckily there was not much traffic that day,"	1
 There were big trees all around the village.	1
He escorted us to the trees where the birds nested.	1
 Pelican and Painted storks selected separate trees for their habitat.	1
Most of those trees were located in between the village huts.	1
 There were large sugarcane fields on the banks of the river.	1
 Overall it was a nice view to enjoy.	1
While climbing up to the caves we had a view down on the tank below.	1
 The final visit before lunch (again at the mango tree) was to the queen's bath.	1
 The drive included a very attractive section through rice paddy fields with Hampi boulder hills in the background.	1
 There were birds in the paddy fields helping the farmers by eating the insects?	1
We climbed the 650 steps up the hill to the view point and temple at the top.	1
 The view included the river and we could see the boat crossing to our cottages.	1
 In the other direction there was a view over rice paddy fields and the boulders.	1
Vittala temple was quiet when we arrived and it gave a good opportunity to take photos.	1
 From Ganesh we walked up forpopp good view over the river valley and Viruupaksha temple.	1
"For lunch we sampled the """"Mango Tree"""" restaurant."	1
and the orange tree has retainfees little of that feel with 70s style art work and lights.	1
 The road to Hampi included a fast motorway section that had very little traffic and an ordinary road that was very busy with lorries.	1
 Around the marriage hall which is the most spectacular room are pictures of the festival which takes place in October.	1
 and the crowds watching.	0
 From the gallery there was a view over the palace park.	1
 We stopped on the way down for a view over the city and to seethe huge black Nandi bull.	1
 Slowly the mist began to clear.	1
 It flew up into a tree with its prey.	1
 In a nearby tree there was a different kind of eagle.	1
 Up in the trees there were jungle squirrels and langur monkeys.	1
 The early morning sun coming through the trees was highlighted the wide variety of trees.	1
 This shop was jammed full with Indian tourists.	0
 The cars and the traffic drive over and this seems to be part of the threshing process.	0
 There was also a section of the road with an avenue of banyan trees forming an arch over the road.	1
 We have our own veranda with a view of the lake.	1
 but their behaviour in the trees was much more interesting than their roadsidE behaviour.	1
 They were eating the leaves of the tree and breaking off small branches and eating those.	1
 All of us on our respective mean machine Royal Enfield (5 of it) started accelerating to respond to the beauty of road and the road looked more and more beautiful as we accelerated and travelled distance.	1
Entrance and the view of Fort from entrance itself describes the history of the Fort.	1
" Features of massive rock hills and scenic valleys,"	1
" we headed to Hawamahal followed by a Big Rock to climb from where one can view the entire city of Chitradurga,"	1
 with that there comes an end to our motto of exploring the beauty in City of Chitradurga.	1
" With the Sun downing for the day our experience of exploring the beautiful history became a memory and with every passing light of Sun,"	1
 our speedometers too came down to 80kms/hr due to heavy traffic and eye catching headlights of opposing vehicles.	0
 Unbearable traffic in ever-busy Bangalore Roads was not visible.	0
" Traffic was comparatively less,"	1
 The traffic was considerably lesser.	1
 NH4 was a six lane highway and the entire road was beautifully maintained.	1
" it was a two lane Highway upto Hospet (around 130 Km from Chitradurga) with reasonable traffic (mostly trucks,"	1
 particularly in view of the recurrent trouble of overtaking large vehicles in a comparatively narrow road.	0
I also stopped near a Sunflower cultivation field on the roadside.	1
"Despite having great historical significance and being the centre of humongous and beautiful Muslim Architecture,"	1
This is one of the most beautiful monuments I have seen anywhere.	1
 I was coming thru interior villages as well as cultivated fields in both sides of the road.	1
 The temple was enriched with beautifully carved walls and pillars having various sculptures with minute details.	1
 The walls of the temples had beautifully carved stone sculptures.	1
The sanctum contains “Black Siva Linga” as well as a “beautiful stone large bull.	1
 a beautiful view to watch.	1
 The panoramic view on top of the hill was beautiful.	1
 Lord Vishnu manifested in his various glorious form which were immortalised by the beautiful craftsmen thousand years ago.	1
 Gradually the road stretched thru interior cultivation fields on all sides and few interior villages.	1
" mountains stretching all around,"	1
" waterfalls that you can see after every few meters on the road,"	1
"Tree house that I stayed in where there is no electricity,"	0
 got to witness the spectacular sunset amidst the mountains bidding goodbye for the day.	1
 It was raining when we reached there; we started climbing the hill to witness the view of the whole town.	1
 there is a waterfall here called Manikyadhara falls which is a sacred place for devotees who visit Datta Peeta.	1
 we stopped over a temple and had a very good view of Devigiri Hills for the sunset.	1
"Trip to Chikmagaluru without a trek is never complete; Kavikal Matta is a view point which is about 8 Kms from the home stay,"	1
 once you are on the rock all you can see is 360 degrees of mountains all around.	1
"There was only peace all around,"	1
always believed in this line “It’s the Journey that matters and not the Destination”; this was so true with this journey; Journey to this waterfall called Jagara Falls was just more than incredible.	1
" trees all around,"	1
" holding to the roots of the trees to pass from one corner to other,"	1
 sliding through the mud and we finally reach the destination to watch the beautiful waterfall.	1
 Journey to this waterfall was more incredible than seeing the waterfall itself.	1
 yet again with a beautiful view of mountains and paddy fields.	1
You are a beauty and the beast.	1
"Slice from heaven that came through rain,"	1
" somehow we managed to calm our mind,"	1
" Also these temples were amazing and really beautiful although in the meantime,"	1
 The caves and the views from the caves were really beautiful.	1
 clean and quiet room with a big bathroom with hot water and a balcony (with a view over the fields around Bijapur).	1
" One can see beautiful islamic architecture all around the city - but the buildings,"	1
 It is another really beautiful islamic monument.	1
 Some more chaotic travelling was ahead of us.	0
 It did not start that glorious and peaceful for us.	0
 For dinner we ended up in the Mango Tree Restaurant in Hampi Bazaar.	1
 We started to walk up Hemakuta Hill from where one can get a nice view over Hampi Bazaar.	1
 the best place to enjoy the beautiful sunsets here.	1
 It was fun and it was really beautiful and once away from the most famous temples it was a very peaceful atmosphere.	1
 It was still busy and full of tourists but has a more rural feeling with nice views over rice terrasses and boulders.	1
 We had a relaxing time and lunch in the Secret River View Guesthouse with fantastatic vies over the river to the Virupaksha Temple.	1
dinner in the Mango Tree Restaurant.	1
 Maybe the crowds were to much - but anyway it is very touristy.	1
 The landscape is beautiful and the ruins are beautiful - we missed the special spirit we heard about so often.	1
 since we would cross the Western Ghat mountain ranges.	1
First one hour there was heavy traffic till we reached the first toll gate (Rs 45) to catch the elevated lengthy flyover thru electronic city.	0
 Traffic was occasionally slow and there were few crossings upto the second toll gate(Rs 25).	0
 It was a sunny day with beautiful atmosphere.	1
 However need for mosquito repellent was felt.	0
A beautiful sunny morning.	1
 Natural beauty was excellent.	1
 The whole environment was calm and cool with sounds of birds occasionally.	1
 There were lot of sandalwood trees as also rare medicinal plants.	1
 A beautiful place with shops and market as also lodging facilities.	1
 waterfall had ample water.	1
 it presents a spectacular view of natural beauty.	1
 mist-filled valleys made Munnar one of the tourist hotspot.	1
This breath taking beauty of nature was overwhelming.	1
 Mountain ranges touched the blue sky.	1
 Mountains of Munnar stood tall on the other side of the river.	1
 Thus the scenic beauty was wide open.	1
 It was a huge lake with exquisite natural beauty and surrounded by hills.	1
 There was heavy rush of tourists enjoying the beauty of the lake and surrounding areas.	1
" Enjoying breakfast therein with a magnificent view of the river,"	1
 adjoining mountains and light morning sunshine was a delightful experience.	1
Another important feature is that the adjoining paddy fields are below sea level.	1
" This place is famous for its natural beauty and migratory birds,"	1
 The reception official informed that our booking was upgraded to lake-view room.	1
 There were several small-sized canals within the area and canal view rooms (which we originally booked and less costly) were located by the side of the canal.	1
View from the room balcony was exquisite.	1
 Everything was calm & quite except the birds.	1
 The entire stroll was between trees and plants.	1
calm and quiet.	1
 It was time for a quiet sleep.	1
 I opened the glass door and noticed everything was wet due to mist at night.	1
 There are vast paddy fields at both sides.	1
 the paddy fields are below the level of backwaters.	1
 sea beaches is described as the “Venice of the East”.	1
 beautifully constructed houses all surrounded by water.	1
 We spent the first day walking nearby and going up the hill for some superb scenic views.	1
 But you are rewarded with 360 degree views of this magical landscape.	1
views overlooking the river to Hampi.	1
On another day we went up Chamundy Hill by local bus for views overlooking the city.	1
 The drive was scenic with great roads Router: Tumkur- Davangere - Yellapur- Ankola - Gokarna.	1
Reached Kudle Beach resort by 2pm with a couple of breaks.	1
 It was a lovely resort with an awesome view of the Kudle beach.	1
 The beach is a 500m trek away which was fun in its own way.	1
 The first evening was just beach beach beach.	1
Bang opposite the resort is a beautiful hillock.	1
 The ancient temples of Gokarna are a delight to any spiritual person ?? The calmness and aura cannot be explained.	1
 We get a panoramic view of the Arabian sea from here and the Gokarna beach is just a few meters walk.	1
A few kilometers away from Kudle beach is Om beach.	1
" less populated Kudle beach,"	1
 we were not too impressed with Om beach and returned quickly.	0
 You must visit the place during sunset to see Shiva in the ocean background with the orange light adding beauty to the already spectacular scene.	1
 You can reach the Gopuram top via a lift and have a great view as well.	1
 The beach was of course crowded but the view of Shiva and the Gopuram from the beach was amazing!	1
Gokarna - Kudle beach is no doubt one of the best beach for people who love to go right in and enjoy the waves but the city's beauty is doubled due to its spiritual feel!	1
" relatively calm and no hiccups along the way,"	1
 and honked at everything that was alive.	0
We sat outside for the rest of the afternoon admiring the views of the palace and people watching whilst planning our next move.	1
Hampi; described as one of the most bewitching and spell-bounding landscapes with sandy temples and ruins dotted across some of the most spectacular scenery.	1
" Piles of mountains were made up of circular round boulders,"	1
" It all looked like the perfect natural and calming environment,"	1
 very quiet in places and far removed from the cities we had previously visited.	1
 We certainly wanted calm and tranquil by this point.	1
 As we followed the beautiful trail that snaked beside the river we came across some completely abandoned sites.	1
 It was such a beautiful place.	1
evil spirits that the beautiful baby is not in fact beautiful.	0
" at the most unusual Mount View Heritage Hotel,"	0
 what with its stunning rooms and top-notch view over Ooty.	1
" It was interesting to take in Ooty’s beautiful lake,"	1
"somehow into the beautiful highland areas out of town,"	1
 down the even more spectacular Sighur Ghat road.	1
 there were spectacular jungle wilderness vistas as far as the eye could see.	1
 I just have to briefly mention two more of the memorable signs glimpsed down the mountain road.	1
 the highest population density in the whole of India.	1
" I had booked myself into the lodge’s stunningly sited Tree House,"	1
" about ten metres up a huge tree away from the main building,"	1
 unparalleled views over the Indian Jungle.	1
" though I can’t really explain how – I guess the trees were not so tall,"	1
" I just spent my first couple of hours there on my Tree House balcony,"	1
" just staring out at the beauty of the landscape,"	1
 I was most satisfied with the Tree House.	1
" I believe it was a monkey that had somehow entered through the gap between a tree trunk and the ceiling,"	0
 but still prime viewing area for wildlife.	1
" Spotted some beautiful beasts,"	1
" but fortunately the only animals we did see were a spectacular group of at least a hundred chital,"	1
" and on my Tree House balcony with the spectacular view,"	1
" with huge horns which have very sharp points,"	1
" antlered chital deer standing very peacefully on the side of the track,"	1
 Unfortunately my viewing of a tiger in the wild will have to wait for another time.	1
 from the comfort of my very own spare bedroom in my beautiful little house in Croydon.	1
 of splendid waterfalls situated in various spots of Western Ghat Region.	1
 Best time to enjoy the waterfalls is during monsoon.	1
 It is one of the highest waterfall in India (around 900ft) located around 400 KMs from Bangalore.	1
 These enthusiastic people enjoyed getting soaked by rain and of course the view of waterfalls.	1
Last time we went to the foothills (around 900ft) where the waterfall touched the Saravatiriver.	1
 We thought of visiting the other side of the river to have different view of the falls.	1
View of the falls was better from that side.	1
 The contest between “cloud” and the “waterfall” was in full swing.	1
 Falling trees in various places narrowed down the road passage.	0
 The backwater of the Arabian Sea gives a magnificent view of the whole place.	1
 The area has other beautiful statutes and the temple.	1
 The area is well planned and beautifully maintained.	1
 There is lift arrangement for reaching the top floor to have abirds eye view of the surrounding area.	1
 Also viewing the sea at night from the hotel balcony was a memorable experience.	1
 Sea was calm and cool today.	1
 This road was quite good to drive with wonderful natural beauties on the way.	1
a splendid view to watch on the way.	1
" but we thought of visiting “Om Beach” first,"	1
 Around four Km away from the beach we had the first glimpse of the sea from the top.	1
" Sea and the beach were located around 200 ft down below,"	1
 An excellent panoramic view to enjoy.	1
" The beach looked like “OM” from the top,"	1
 a spectacular sight.	1
 This beach was different with rocky areas in various places.	1
 The road passed thru absolutely green forests in Western Ghat with occasional view of waterfalls from nearby hills.	1
 There was not much traffic en-route.	1
 very tight descent down the mountains with 27 needle pin bends.	1
 I found it all both beautiful and absurd.	1
 The land had gotten very green and beautiful though and it was clear I was in for the next stage of my stay in India.	1
 It has one of the finest beaches of India and many old age churches.	1
It is always eye soothing to go out of the city; then only we can enjoy the real beauty of nature.	1
" We can see trees on both sides of the roads many times the top of the trees kissing each other making a complete shade over the busy roads,"	1
 being having awesome weather throughout the year some trees are always laden with beautiful flowers.	1
 pollution has shielded the natural beauty.	0
 The memories of these natural beauty remains in the heart and mind for long and gives us enthusiasm to go back to our work of daily life and makes our wait sweet for the next venture.	1
" some trees have shredded their leaves,"	0
 Altogether it was a beautiful view with a wide range of green shades.	1
 The sunlight was peeping through the gaps of trees mainly without the leaves one.	1
" Trees retain moisture deep in the soil,"	1
" We transited through Bangalore last year without seeing anything except one massive traffic jam that lasted two hours,"	0
" Google maps had suggested it would take six hours from our peaceful haven in Wayanad,"	1
 the traffic is not as bad as we feared.	1
 complete with palm trees and other exotic foliage!	1
" The traffic is pretty crazy,"	0
 It's quite amazing and will look beautiful I'm sure.	1
 he sits in the back (where the view is no worse).	0
" The towns here are markedly more prosperous than in Karnataka which one must ascribe to the richness of the agriculture as this is not the Kerala of beaches where most tourists we head (we are not tourists,"	1
 with a view to mist covered peaks beyond.	1
 It is a beautiful and peaceful place to enjoy some downtime.	1
 interspersed with some bigger trees with dark bark that looks like it will drop off in clumps.	1
" The teak trees have shed most of their huge leaves,"	0
" you can feel the peace of the surroundings,"	1
"solitary langur monkey sitting at the base of a tree and looking contemplative,"	1
" but we do have a great view of a group of four elephants who drink from the water’s edge,"	1
" We spot an osprey sitting on a dead tree stump eating a freshly caught fish,"	0
 a beautiful small bird that is elusive and hard to capture on film.	1
 And we enjoy the breeze and the peace of the water.	1
 as this is the day we are leaving there is not a cloud or patch of mist to be seen and we enjoy distant views across the Nilgiris.	1
 Eventually we set off through the beautiful rolling Tamil Nadu national forest (or something like that).	1
" A legless beggar sees us waiting in the car and drags himself over on his knuckles to scratch pathetically at the car door,"	0
 but it is a long way off in a clearing and our view is somewhat obscured by a tree.	0
 and beautiful meadows.	1
 However avoid peak ours for lunch as these small restaurants would be crowded too much and you have to wait outside for long time.	0
 The catchment area had been built into agricultural fields and recreation area for children.	1
 I calmed myself down and went to the fuel station in Nelamangala.	1
 Left Hubli at 4pm and reached the broad and beautiful - NH4.	1
 The oncoming traffic took a lot of time to reach Kolhapur.	0
" As I reached Satara it became even worse - the mad traffic and the road,"	0
" No one was following traffic rules,"	0
 While coming back from MG road a guy in Merc was shouting at me for waiting for traffic light to turn green.	0
 The amazing road and scenic route took a lot of time for me to reach Goa.	1
 As expected there was a lot of traffic and the small roads took time for me to reach my uncle’s place.	0
 In the evening went to Baga and Vagator beach to join the huge crowd for New Year Celebration.	1
 went to Vasco-da-gama and then went to Calangute beach to meet my friend.	1
 I had only one traffic signal to deal with.	1
" We wandered through the popular and crowded temple,"	0
It was a wrench to leave the peaceful Jungle Retreat in Mudumalai National Park for the four hour minibus ride to Mysore.	1
" We passed fields of banana trees,"	1
 cotton trees and coconut trees.	1
 bustling crowd streaming in with their offerings.	0
" Crowds like this at first appear overwhelming in India (especially as they are so loud),"	0
" I was very aware that it was so crowded that I couldn’t see the ground – and when there are cows,"	0
 have their horns painted and are sometimes decorated with flowers.	1
 mostly just-harvested rice fields that cattle were now being grazed on.	1
Keshava Temple is a beautiful example of Hoysala temple architecture from the 13th Century.	1
 and they were dressed in beautifully colourful festive clothes.	1
 The other walls depicted detailed epics and stories from Hindu texts which were intricately and beautifully carved.	1
 and there was also a very lovely ambience to this place.	1
The traffic on this highway was relatively less compared to others.	1
 One can see cloud covered hills and valleys creating a very beautiful view.	1
 We then went to the top of the falls through the stone steps placed next to the falls to get view of the falls.	1
" We reached there in 45 minutes to enjoy the beautiful sunset,"	1
 The serene beauty and beautiful sky took our heart away.	1
 Within 2 hours we reached Bangalore and immediately got a first taste of what this city is about: constant traffic jam!	0
" a really beautiful part of Bangalore: new shopping malls for the middle class,"	1
 so the beautiful Venkataraman Temple (a Vishnu Temple) close to the Sultan's Palace was already closed.	1
 The traffic is unbelievable in this city.	0
 This is a very special and beautiful Shiva Temple right behind a huge mall.	1
 But the traffic is so horrible!	0
 These ones were beautiful but small and both of them really packed with people.	1
 Finally we had enough of the crowd and took a public bus down the hill and back to downtown Mysore.	0
" enjoyed the views over Melkote and the surrounding hills,"	1
 Also this temple was beautiful with only few people around.	1
 The rest of the night was quiet and bugfree ;-).	1
" First we came across the beautiful Jamia Masjid,"	1
 It is a peaceful little garden.	1
 The temple is really beautiful with a huge statue of Sri Ranganathna.	1
 It is a nice palace in a beautiful garden.	1
 it was a great day to end the year 2014 and a nice and quiet start into 2015.	1
 lots of big boulders and some small beautiful lakes.	1
 You quickly get an amazing view over town.	1
 We enjoyed the place and tried to sit in a more or less quiet corner - but that was nearly impossible.	0
" We had amazing views of the statue on the other hill,"	1
 It was so peaceful and quiet!	1
 to crowded and full of people not caring for others.	0
" They look for peace of mind,"	1
 which was quite peaceful and nice to visit.	1
 the other temples were peaceful and quiet.	1
 It was at a beautiful Catholic Church.	1
" it was a beautiful morning,"	1
is nestled in between beautiful rolling hills.	1
" a nice but not really spectacular waterfall near Madikeri,"	1
 It was a bit too crowded for our taste.	1
 It is a beautiful and really well maintained temple.	1
 It was a beautiful 3 hour hike up a hill with stunnning views.	1
 the noise and the pollution.	0
 meant to be really quiet and so named because it's in the shape of the Om symbol.	1
" probably the best view on the beach 300rs a night,"	1
The beach in Gorkarna is so nice!	1
" There's two secluded beaches that are only accessible via the sea,"	1
" Half Moon beach and Paradise beach,"	1
"The beach really reminds me of what """"The Beach"""" (the book) would be like."	1
" surrounded by cotton fields and banana plantations,"	1
" but they're """"mountains"""" (nothing is a mountain to me anymore) made from rocks,"	1
"The view from Hanuman's temple is out of the world,"	1
" Truly one of the best views I've had on the trip,"	1
 off to Gokarna and the beach for some much needed rest.	1
 Brigade road is quite beautiful in its architecture.	1
is looking more beautiful because it is a pleasant morning and also it is Sunday but in evening it is crowded.	1
 we are concern about the view the something happens.	0
 The most latest addition in beauty of bunnergutta national park.	1
 It is quite beautiful it is started in 2005.	1
A beautiful statue of butterfly is made outside the park and you get surprise when you go inside.	1
Structure is also beautiful(dome shape).	1
" but also beautiful walk throughs surrounded by natural vegetation,"	1
 We sauntered quiet too fast while the rest from my gang was indulged in clicking the wildlife.	1
 it the prime view point where one can see the whole of Mysore City.	1
 After getting fully soaked we decided to go for musical night party amidst coconut farm and trees to recharge our batteries.	1
Well we got togged up and enjoyed a very nice drink in the rather plush Harbour Bar at the lavishly beautiful Taj Mahal Palace Hotel in Mumbai.	1
 wonderfully colourful as many of the properties were decorated in fairy lights and so very noisy with fireworks being let off all the time.	1
 The sheer volume of people was a little overwhelming at times - the population of Mumbai is 18.	1
" Beautiful scenery,"	1
 fabulous golden sandy beaches and the warm Arabian sea - a real tonic for the soul.	1
 We chose to stay way down South in Palolem and very pleased we did as it was a lovely quiet resort with a wonderful bay.	1
 There are also fabulous views up here over the city.	1
 open-air with main exhibit being the Mysore Maharani's saloon (a wood-panelled beauty dating from 1899).	1
- St Philomena's Cathedral built between 1933 and 1941 in neo-Gothic style with beautiful stained glass windows.	1
 we fathomed the real meaning of beauty in the nature.	1
" and peace will be at your feet"""","	1
" We didn’t know we had to walk 3km to see the falls (view point),"	1
 and trek down further 2km from the view point to get wet!	1
" The narrow and rugged pathway to the view point allow some vehicles (small cars and jeeps) to travel through; there are also paid jeep services to get you to the view point,"	1
"The view of the falls exceeded our imagination; Kumardhara River gushing through the valley and falling into the 200 feet deep gorge,"	1
 Beauty has a new meaning= Relief!	1
" there was also a beautiful garden and many shrines where monks meditate,"	1
 We werent able to appreciate the beautiful route to the beach town.	1
The beach was just optimally crowded.	1
 There were several beaches separated by small hills.	1
 On the last beach in the row we hired a boat which took us to the beaches not easily accessible.	1
 We could see big mountains directly merging into the ocean.	1
 The beaches were surrounded by mountains on three sides and had ocean on the fourth.	1
Once again we ended up traveling in the dark and missed the beautiful part of the journey.	1
 The landscape on both sides of the road comprised endless uniform green fields with stony hills and coconut trees as the only aberrations.	1
Closer to our destination we get into the region of large trees which looked much different from the ones which we are used to seeing.	1
 The monastery was a beautiful place.	1
 when I realised how beautiful it was to watch someone embodying my movement and how powerful this is to witness.	1
 the home town of the lady (I prefer not to use peoples names out of respect) so I can see the farmlands and some beautifully hidden/non tourist regions.	1
" it was further delayed due to a small traffic incident,"	0
" The view was spectacular,"	1
 It was a beautiful sunny day also so this was a wonderful experience especially the stones burning the underside of my feet making me literally want to run up and down the hill.	1
"animals and Karma sutra positions carved around the outside of a gorgeous temple,"	1
 horns honking.	0
" It truly has to be seen for one to even grasp how crazy it is on the road (there is 'no traffic' right now either because it's so early,"	1
" but some how in all the chaos the people seem to manage,"	0
" honked at as I need to take the road because the foot path is non existent,"	0
" by 5am a beautiful singing can be heard,"	1
" How expressive and beautiful this dance is,"	1
 how is this chaos possible?	0
we thought we were back on track but got scared as l read about mountain bears roaming around and also we saw a LOT of HUGE monkeys (rabies alert) up where we wanted to be.	0
 probably best we were able to sleep so couldnt hear all the horns and feel the swerving of the bus all night making our minds race!	0
 Ride from our hotel to Hampi was wonderful with an amazing view of paddy fields on one side of the road and sugar cane farms on the other side.	1
" Crowd was less as it was an off-peak season due to summer temperatures,"	1
" Then we headed to Tunga Badra Dam to view the sunset,"	1
 where we hiked a nearby hill to get a better view of the horizon.	1
 We returned happily with minds full of memories about that beautiful city.	1
 Just the hour in a traffic jam then.	0
 Traffic chaos and mayhem beyond description.	0
" It is a beautiful serene place,"	1
" But peaceful it is not – instead the air is full of the sounds of thousands of birds cooing,"	0
 surrounded by aggressive hawkers and beggars clawing at us.	0
" beautifully decorated inside but in need of some serious renovation,"	1
" The noise level rose to deafening proportions,"	0
 assorted beggars and that man who is trying for the second day to sell us a flute on which he plays the first few bars of Titanic.	0
 A small crowd gathers at the door to stare and giggle at the two overheated Englanders.	0
" The land is fertile and the trees a mix of deciduous trees and palm trees,"	1
 as do fields of sugar cane and rice paddies.	1
 Gone are the fields of wheat and cotton.	0
" Trees are lacking and in the midday heat (when inevitably we are out and about),"	0
" The views as we gradually ascended the cliff were impressive,"	1
provide a water supply but now sadly too polluted to be drunk.	0
 bustle and apparent chaos can be slightly overwhelming.	0
 but very evocative and with some beautiful carvings.	1
" a calm oasis in the countryside that is clean,"	1
Last view of Varkala beach.	1
"coastal beach places,"	1
"I can now walk in any beach restaurant in Kerala,"	1
 After so many weeks in Beach Huts I am getting desperate for a change of scenery.	0
"Neriman however is just at the start of her trip so these places hold the same appeal as they did for me when I arrived (remember the “life is a beach” comments,"	1
 Besides monkeys and dogs there were some beautiful wild vivid green parrots flying around and our guide said this is the only temple where they hang out and for sure they were the only ones we saw during our stay.	1
" There is a special peacefulness amongst the mingling of cows,"	1
The elephants had a view out of big doors ways that are now open.	1
an old Vishnu Tempel which was also very beautiful and overall peaceful.	1
 But it was really beautiful with some amazing architectural details.	1
 but all were happy and peaceful and we simply had a great time taking this all in.	1
" cows with painted horns adorned like an Indian bus,"	0
"There was a tree blooming with yellow flowers,"	1
"The road down the mountain towards Mysore was rough and rugged but travelled through National reserves so we were entertained with flocks of pretty spotted deer,"	0
" The palace was spectacular and is the official residence of the Wodeyars,"	1
 One the outskirts we drove up a mountain to see the Chamundeshwari temple right on the top.	1
Down towards Mysore on the other side of the mountain we had a good overview of historical Mysore.	1
 jam and pawpaw.	0
 Beautiful tress in the actively renovated garden.	1
 I particularly noticed the rain tree (Albizia).	1
spectacular hall for royal weddings.	1
 Spectacular statues of jaguars guarded the palace.	1
 is a very beautiful place which I had been waiting to explore since quite sometime now which finally we (me and my husband) managed to plan it in December 2013 from 21st to 25th.	1
" Hampi is the former capital of Vijaynagar Empire where you can see beautiful Virupaksja temple,"	1
" Along with the beautiful Hampi ruins,"	1
 They also had rice fields which added to the beauty.	1
 You get a beautiful view of the entire Hampi from both the hills.	1
 we truly enjoyed seeing the view and wish could be on the hills every evening to see the sunset.	1
" he said it was a rain tree that had been decorated for Christmas and found 2 kids playing cricket and Col had been longing for a game all holiday,"	1
 It was a beautiful old house with lots of dark rich wood and seemed to be built around what would have been 2 small bathing pools.	1
" but we were doing battle with Mosquitos which carried on for our entire stay,"	0
 A couple of times we would have to stop as they had got in a tangle ahead of us and someone had to get out of a vehicle to make others move back to allow the traffic to move.	0
 Full of people and noise but fairly clean which was good to see.	0
 It is a regular passenger service but travels through beautiful countryside so is popular with tourists.	1
" noisy town,"	0
" we went to Mysore Palace which was pretty spectacular though the Maharajah has just died,"	1
" the architecture was beautiful and the detailed carving was stunning,"	1
" We went into the paddy fields where they were cutting it and another where they were collecting it,"	1
"Bangalore was a traffic jam,"	0
Forty-five minutes later I was rooting for the auto driver as he dodged traffic to get to the bus stand and then before I took stock of things I was on the bus en route to Gokarna with S.	0
 named so as the beach seems to spell out Om the way it is written in Sanskrit.	1
 it is quiet and deserted.	1
 the bendy soft grasses brushing our legs and at High Point the views stops us.	1
’ These steep climbs turn into mini waterfalls during the monsoons we are told.	1
Later an older crowd starts coming out.	0
 crowds of people sit out on the beach.	0
 I was restored and I made peace with the world.	1
 The place was crowded with Indian tourist.	0
" Our jeep was leading the way through the rocky mountain roads (if they can be called roads),"	0
 It’s a peaceful place where one will be absorbed into spirituality.	1
The drive was scenic and quite long among the hills of Coorg.	1
 We reached an isolated and crowd-starved ‘Irupu falls’ @ 2:30 PM.	0
 This peak offers very nice panoramic view of the Tungabhadra region.	1
 This temple houses the most spectacular structure called “The Stone Chariot”.	1
 If you have enough time you can covers the nearby places which do passes amazing beauty of tranquillity else you can head straight towards main road.	1
This small temple town draws crowds who come mainly to pay obeisance to the presiding deities of the navagraha temples.	1
One could also include Thanjavur in the itinerary which is known as the granary of South India due to its extensive paddy growing fields which are a feast for the eyes'As regards accomodation at Kumbakonam one can pick and choose an accomodation suited to one's budget.	1
 Rivers like Tunga - Bhadra have their sources in the mountains here which are parts of the Western Ghats.	1
The city is placed within a scenic landscape in a fertile valley; it is surrounded by lush green coffee plantation hills.	1
 The road to Mullayanagiri is very narrow with views from steep cliffs.	0
 We often stopped and captured the fairy tale scenic views on the way.	1
 We could not spent a long time near the waterfall and getting wet and dark.	0
 The site featuring this beautiful waterfall is a popular climbing spot.	1
 The 100 ft waterfall can be accessed from 400 steps that are climbed down from the main road to reach the site.	1
The dam gives an awesome views for photo enthusiasts and peace of mind for nomads .	1
" dodging traffic as well as a few goats and cows,"	0
 we finally found ourselves a hotel in which to have lunch and more importantly to get away from the chaos of the streets.	0
 we decided to head into the epicentre of chaos and to take a look around the Devaraja Market.	0
 The other thing I remember thinking on the bus was how bright the lights were from the oncoming traffic in the other lane.	0
 especially in the chaos we were exposed to!	0
 we got to experience a true Indian traffic jam.	0
 beautiful palace there we were going to tour.	1
 I don’t think I have seen a much more beautiful palace in all the world.	1
 Various beautiful murals in every all.	1
 provided a lot of insight on the city as we were passing through in the mid-morning traffic jam.	0
we waiting a beggar with a baby came up to us and kept grabbing at us.	0
" The traffic was heavy and congested by American standards,"	0
 It was nice having the guide because then all the beggars left us alone.	0
 We saw a lot of different vegetation and beautiful flowers.	1
 a long winding ride through narrow heavily clogged roads with traffic and construction to reach after almost an hour or so.	0
'Hampi' explores one of the most beautiful and evocative of all historical sites in south India.	1
"arrived in Bangalore just in time for rush hour traffic which meant we were stuck in hot,"	0
 loud traffic for about 2 hours longer than we should have been.	0
" They call it the Venice of India: I would argue that it is even more beautiful than Venice,"	1
" The rest of our time was spent on the backwaters exploring small villages and taking in the view from the water of the women on shore making string out of coconut husks,"	1
" Palolem beach is my favorite beach in India,"	1
" so the beach was not busy,"	1
" balancing headphone parties and fire dancing/poy on the beach with trying to find internet occasionally to let people know we were alive or finish final papers and assignments,"	0
"Our second placement weekend was spent in the beautiful city of Mysore,"	1
" The food situation only got better as we decided to splash out for our Saturday dinner and go to a beautiful hotel for an afternoon and evening of fruit platters,"	1
 We returned in the evening for the promised light spectacular display of the 42000 bulbs lining the palace.	1
 The temple itself is a beautiful white building perched on top of a hill with an incredible view of Mysore.	1
 However the rest of India decided they also wanted to witness its beauty on the same day.	1
 No-one seemed too alarmed by this though we did see several birds literally drop out of the tree opposite us.	1
 where I was eaten alive by mosquitos and - for the first (and hopefully last) time during my travels - was attacked by a spider.	0
" Once I had calmed my breathing,"	0
My first observation of Indian roads was that drivers use their horns more than any other function on their cars/autos/mopeds.	0
" it's hard to hear yourself think over the constant honking and bibbing,"	0
 they are just as oblivious to the honking horns and bustling traffic as the drivers are to the sight of cattle strolling in their paths.	0
 I also took a lot of pictures and videos of the beautiful place.	1
 both very beautiful and very attractive.	1
 Especially in the evening it is very peaceful to sit here in the courtyard in front of the statue and stare at the statue.	1
 blues etc amid palm tree lined streets.	1
 with sculpture workshops everywhere and either the gentle noise of stone chiselling or the whirring din of stone cutting machines.	1
The overnight journey went well and in fact we arrive into Metupalaiyam 30 mins early; great as it means time for a couple of good hot coffees and lots of photos of the Nilgiri Mountain Railway narrow gauge steam train and steam engines before we set off.	1
 one on each side of the carriage so we get the best photo opps of the views all the way up.	1
 There are also plenty of birds and butterflies and the vegetation changes from palm trees to tea plantations to eucalyptus trees as we go higher.	1
 This gets us to decide that 1 night will definitely be enough (a view that is confirmed later when we wander into town for some lunch) as it seems a very non-descript place despite the colourful houses.	0
) And finally the King’s private audience room – again the ceiling is a beautifully coloured stained glass marvel of craftsmanship.	1
" It’s not quite worth the journey in our view – but Indians love gardens,"	0
 the next beautiful attraction of the temple is the garden.	1
 The garden has beautiful grass lawn and excellent collection of various plants.	1
 The environment is very cool and peaceful and you will definitely enjoy to sit for some time inside the temples.	1
Although the temple is recently built it has the peace and piousness of old temples.	1
 attractive and surrounded by beautiful lawns and trees.	1
 you can find several idols of Mother Mary near the church with beautiful decorations.	1
" Although the crowd is there for the whole day,"	0
 The security forces create cordons around the church and don’t allow the crowd to go inside.	0
"A chariot is decorated with beautiful flowers,"	1
The Chariot is beautifully decorated.	1
 Especially the lights are arranged in a beautiful way.	1
" As the Shivaji nagar area is more populated by the Muslims,"	0
 Besides on the day of Mary’s feast the traffic police will not allow any vehicle to enter from a km.	0
 you can take beautiful pictures of mother Mary and other views around.	1
 We saw a beautiful Vimana (below) which is used to carry the idol during festivals.	1
The temple has a traditional look with beautiful sculpture.	1
 Painting with beautiful colors has made it even more attractive.	1
 you will get some beautiful temples within a kilometer radius.	1
There are two Beautiful Nakoda Jain temples on both sides of the highway.	1
 They are beautiful and worth visiting.	1
" You can take the old noisy bus or take a walk to mekedatu depending on your physical strength,"	0
The place is unbelievably beautiful and much more than my expectation.	1
 The waterfall is nestled among the amazing ranges of rocks.	1
 You can park your vehicle in the open field there and walk inside the rocky area.	1
While coming from Ramagaram to Kanakapura you will find a beautiful arch on the left side of the road (right side while coming from Kanakpura to Ramanagaram).	1
Veerabhadra swamy temple is built with beautiful architecture.	1
The beauty of the temple is that it is built on huge granite stones.	1
 The outside views from this hill are very attractive.	1
" The palace was very beautiful with brightly painted ceilings and columns,"	1
 Apparently it's perfectly fine to speed around blind curves while going up a mountain past other buses that are coming down.	1
" Since it was a hazy day and the view wasn't wonderful,"	0
" One can view ruins of impressive buildings and temples,"	0
" we were surrounded by school children on field trips who were fascinated by us,"	0
 beautiful smile.	1
 the wideness of the main streets made the traffic less daunting.	1
 I am glad to have found myself in the middle of such a vibrant and bustling and beautiful mess.	1
 apparently beautiful at night.	1
 More beautiful things to see.	1
 traffic increased.	0
 we saw another crowd of people.	0
 I am grateful that every accident we saw was met with by a crowd of good Samaritans.	0
 and we ended up sitting in one of the last cars alongside a group of beggar children and an elderly man who appeared to be with them.	0
 that the holy beach is not really a good place to hang out or swim because it is littered with trash and cow pies.	0
 since the other beaches in the town are very clean and beautiful.	1
 I have to remind myself that this culture I have chosen to immerse myself in is beautiful in as many ways as it differs from my own.	1
 or even on the beaches if they like.	1
 we spent one full day exploring nearby Kudlee Beach and Om Beach.	1
 We followed the trail from the town and reached the first beach in about half an hour.	1
 We then walked along the water until we reached the trail that led to Om Beach (which is actually shaped like an Om symbol).	1
 It was nice to find this beach to be far less crowded and touristy than Arambol.	1
 Side note: never in my life have I been in a holy city and seen so many grown men walking the streets and beach in their underwear.	0
" We found some amazing views of the surrounding landscape,"	1
" people from small villages viewed me as a novelty and wanted their picture made with me because I’m white…funny,"	1
I have mentioned the traffic and driving skills a few times in the blog already and Emily has also added a whole post dedicated to the transport here.	0
 beautiful silks and a nice lifestyle.	1
 people take credit to furnish their homes with beautiful furniture and go on nice holidays.	1
 The incessant rhythmic honking of car horns.	0
 Mosque wake up calls (there may only be a 10% Muslim population here but that's still 100 million).	0
" noise and smells are brutally left field from Woolworths,"	0
 as if a force field exists to keep large hotel chains and anything else remotely upmarket at arms length from this world heritage area.	1
 the most beautiful rice paddies amongst elephant size boulders.	1
" The orchids were gorgeous and they gave us each a stem to take,"	1
 The rubber trees were quite young and not ready to harvest for another 3 years.	1
orchids in mist spray.	1
 This practice is not recommended by the Government as it can cause damage to vehicles and pollute the crops with diesel.	0
" This also gives us a chance to enjoy this beautiful resort,"	1
 a secluded hideaway favoured by artists and creative types looking for some tranquillity in noisy and busy India.	0
" We were also able to share a nice meal with Abhi and his beautiful wife Neeta,"	1
 Staying in this beautiful resort almost makes you forget that you are in India.	1
 Then you go to a meeting in a rotary hall with a power cut and you have to present to a noisy audience by candlelight.	0
" with beautiful carved stone pieces,"	1
After Shimogga we returned to Mangalore through beautiful countryside.	1
"Our trip to Karkala also took us to a beautiful waterfall for a picnic,"	1
" Ananthakrishna and his wife Raja had a beautiful home,"	1
" When viewed in full costume and make-up and seeing them run towards you bearing swords,"	1
" It was very peaceful and relaxing sitting in the sunshine at the base of the falls,"	1
 We almost had to be dragged away from the scenic beauty of the falls and the national park.	1
 the noise and the litter.	0
" We don’t notice the noise or the litter anymore,"	0
 the traffic feels calmer and we can’t wait to eat the Mangalore food and see some of our old friends!	1
 It’s all worth it for the views though!	1
 it was great to see such beautiful animals up close and personal.	1
 We also get a chance to visit Shivappanayaka Palace where there are some beautiful wood carvings.	1
 we have been staying in the beautiful coffee region of Belur.	1
" how they grow in the shade of tall trees such as silver oak and teak,"	1
 I took in fantastic views of the city and the gommateshvara statue.	1
 I felt it was a place where I could spend some quiet time reflecting on what we have experienced so far on our journey.	1
 Programmes that focus on population stabilisation also continue to be implemented.	1
" Belur temple is very beautiful and inside,"	1
 The house is packed full of beautiful pieces of antique furniture and books about foreign destinations they have visited.	1
"We need to get up early to enjoy the views at the top of Shravanbelagola,"	1
 This area seems to have a bigger Muslim population as we see men in traditional dress on the streets.	1
" we come to Mysore and discover traffic lights,"	0
 traffic police and CCTV cameras checking on road use.	1
" So you see traffic waiting at junctions to allow others to cross,"	0
"Mysore is a beautiful city,"	1
 The current palace is full of beautiful carved doors and ceilings and interesting murals of events in the lives of the royal family.	1
 It seems quiet on our visit and we are told this is the effect of the recession in the west.	1
 The palace itself is beautiful and well maintained.	1
" I don’t mind at all as they spend more than an hour wrapping me in some beautiful silk,"	1
" Unfortunately the beautiful butterflies never get to hatch and the worms are killed before the cocoons are dried,"	1
 The process of creating beautiful saris from the spit of silk worms is fascinating; especially the gold threads which make them appear extra special.	1
" Even the poorest people here are dressed beautifully and when we ask about second hand shops,"	1
 and then a church and reservoir with a beautiful temple and hotel for lunch just for good measure!	1
 The view is beautiful.	1
 I then went to a party on the family who runs peace child farm which is on the out skirts of Bangalore.	1
"No matter how many times I come to an Indian beach I douth i'll get use to cows on the beach,"	0
" crowds and a lot of men,"	0
" Sat on the luggage rack above 6people on a beach for 3 Tamzin and I listened to our ipods and some became the subject of everyones conversation,"	0
" Mandala Beach Huts,"	1
" I have seen some beautiful Sari’s,"	1
" If you could see the traffic and the public bus services,"	0
" We have also heard about work in the field of health and helping youngsters with solar lamps for when there are power cuts,"	1
 It is hard to describe how unconscious they are of anything like traffic lanes.	0
" The temples are beautiful and even though they are a tourist attraction,"	1
 they are quite peaceful and me and Di spend some time sitting cross legged on the floor taking it all in.	1
 It’s no different here and this beautiful river has its banks spoilt by litter.	1
 They tents used as the accommodation are beautiful inside and this looks like a great place to come for a relaxing weekend away.	1
 I managed to join Punit’s mum and dad for breakfast and they gave me a beautiful gift to send me on my way.	1
 They live in a beautiful home at the end of a quiet track which sits just beside the river (which apparently has crocs so I’m staying away!	1
"As we all got up early to go to the beach and paddle,"	0
 We looked at the beach huts and watched the jet ski's.	1
 as well as having a beautiful guest house.	1
 I have never seen so much beautiful wood in one home!	1
 the only police I have seen are traffic coordinators.	0
 a beautiful bracelet and some local cashew nuts.	1
 It really is a beautiful city.	1
 (Mitra and Mr Shetty made a lot of noise during the game!	0
 Instead we landed at a Rotary Club meeting about 15km from Udupi in Brahmavar where we received yet more beautiful flowers and were asked to talk about ourselves.	1
 Very peaceful and serene.	1
 We then head to Udupi beach where families have gathered to watch the sunset.	1
 Most beaches are either crowded with tourists or deserted.	0
 She has been an excellent host and I have loved sharing her beautiful home.	1
 a beautiful hill overlooking the city of Udupi.	1
" beautiful headdress,"	1
I am happy and glad to have “caught” on them in time to enable me to add in to my album of Beautiful India.	1
 Everything is very loud and the main noise is car horns tooting and the whistles of road police and parking attendants.	0
 Mithra’s house is beautiful and sits back from a main road through secure gates.	1
 That moment was by far the calmest most peaceful moment of my life.	1
" it was such a beautiful moment,"	1
and it is just a bonus I get to do that while looking at some of the most beautiful buildings/sites in the world.	1
" After such a peaceful morning,"	1
 I think the guy had his horn and gas peddle pressed all the way down for 1 hour of the 1.	0
" The beaches are beautiful,"	1
 and only the occasional honking of horns.	0
" food and it is so built up that it was such a beautiful feeling just sitting on the sand with nothing,"	1
 It has a mix of natural beauty and ancient beautiful temples.	1
 Air conditioned balcony rooms with fantastics views are a welcome sights after a 9 hour overnight flight!	1
 except for the beautiful Indian jewellery in the duty free!	1
"The view from my room on the top floor is fantastic,"	1
" bewildered and praying not to be ripped off i threw on my pack and walked into the crowd of taxi men,"	0
 with a rich eco diversity and ever green trees like teak sandalwood.	1
 sometimes near agriculture fields or under some teak tree forest.	1
 The noises in that deadly silent area gave us a unique feeling.	0
 Views are awesome with many a layers of hill after hill forming waves of ridges somewhere in the distance.	1
 It gets steep and tiring but the views and the surroundings makes the walk a pleasure.	1
 you are up in the spongy clouds with the majestic beauty of tremendous landscape around!	1
 Its windy peak offers unhindered views of impressive mountain ranges and valleys of Coorg and beyond.	1
" eventually disappearing into the mist somewhere faraway,"	1
"Beholding the tremendous natural beauty of the scapes by all my senses,"	1
 hurling the crowd aside and crashing blindly through the maze of pillars.	0
 noisy diesel engine hauling rickety wooden carriages with barred opening windows.	0
" tree-lined thoroughfares;roundabouts and squares with impressive monuments and arches; friendly,"	1
" a narrow perfumed maze selling mountains of flower heads (for garlands),"	1
 always declining his offers of cheap prices to the sights (it’s actually a good hearty walk to Chamundi hill for its panoramic views over the city).	1
are transported back to that fleeting period when India’s beaches hit their tourist zenith: dispersed and discrete enclaves of beach huts that are almost invisible from the lustrous bays and yet serve all possible – backpacker - needs.	1
" you can advance further along the wooded coastline to the very rustic Half Moon beach (15 mins) or yet further to Paradise (another 20 mins) where it is still primarily camping and self-reliance; but really,"	1
 There is (surely) no finer beach scene in India.	1
" This region of Karnataka is very agricultural and we passed golden fields of thirsty sunflowers with heavy bowed heads,"	1
" green fields of squat chenna (not sure if these are soya beans or chickpeas or something more exotic) and great expanses of sugar cane,"	1
 Indeed South East Asia is still backpacker heaven pricewise (just don’t rely on Lonely-sell-out-Planet for any bargains) - even with 16 flight tickets and 16 visas we are still averaging a fraction under $40/day ($39.	1
 something beautiful happens.	1
"so beautiful) and having them write a story inspired by the archeypal events the music follows,"	1
 with what looks like a beautiful pool.	1
" we were welcomed by a beautiful view,"	1
" It turns out that there is a path laid out to a small man-made pond and a single tree among the rocks,"	1
" The view from was amazing,"	1
 but remember how I said that honking was the only mode of vehicle communication in India?	0
 you'd just start to nod off and the bus horn would stab you through one ear and out the other.	0
 and were almost immmediately greeted by a crowd of locals and a sprinkling of foreign visitors like us.	1
Bangalore has a slight traffic problem.	0
" The traffic is the worst I've experienced in India,"	0
 and the inevitable result of the chaos makes for some prodigious traffic jams.	0
" Bangalore is a cacophony of noise and traffic,"	0
 At the end of the day my auto driver was driving me back to the guesthouse when we got stuck in a traffic jam .	0
"walk along the beach in the afternoon,"	1
 And there is a lot of fucking horn honking.	0
 It is actually rather beautiful and breathtaking.	1
 I was told they don't want the secret beauty of the palace advertised.	1
"We stop by Bangalore on our way to Hampi (only briefly - it is not a nice place - it's a big dusty noisy and unappealing city,"	0
 Hampi is very green surrounded with the rice fields on one side and desertic landscape and Ruins on the other.	0
 we visited the Hanuman temple monkey on the top of the mountain accessible by a 570 steps climb.	1
On my first day in Bangalore I visited this beautiful statue of Lord Shiva.	1
people who wrote and post about this beautiful place.	1
 with coconut palm trees everywhere.	1
""""" or """"and here you see Ganesh lifting an entire mountain over his head,"	1
" and you can see the hunter on the mountain and the farmer,"	1
 They didn't badger at all like some beggars or vendors may do.	1
" In the northwest corner of the temple there was a sort of elevated patio that was crowded with men and women,"	0
 because that placed is jammed with tourists.	0
 and there was some beautiful stained glass from Glasgow.	1
 I didn't get my precious beauty sleep because of the hotel call and I was not really able to get back to sleep after that.	0
 for they guys' peace of mind.	1
 because it was peak traffic hours and a bus would a) take FOREVER and b) be ridiculously crowded.	0
 and a couple hours of chaos but we finally got to wear our saris!	0
 the office opened five minutes early and the crowd of foreigners waiting with me piled into the FRRO in an orderly fashion.	1
 but things are barely held together by metaphysical tape and the chaos only shows through now and then.	0
 Anyone who has traveled to India knows: the traffic there operates on completely different rules than it does in the states.	0
" use your horn often to let people know where you are,"	0
 voicing frustrated complaints in tones of voices that would probably have someone intervening in America with calming comments.	0
 It was very crowded and we could not enjoy the garden since it was already dark.	0
 Finally I stopped the car in a crowded area and asked what he wants.	0
" The zoo was pretty crowded but since it is a huge area,"	0
 the crowd did not make it uncomfortable.	0
" We were expecting a huge factory where they cut big trees and make various things from Sandalwood,"	0
 and the car horn is a well developed but little understood language by foreigners.	0
 You can see a distant view of a Dam built for irrigation purposes.	1
 She owns a pretty big plot there and has planted a lot of trees and vegetables.	1
 people are there to have some quite and relaxing time with the nature and nurture the trees and plants.	1
 away from the crowd and pollution of cities like Bangalore?	0
During lunch time I noticed a crowd was moving near lunch area.	0
 When I went near the crowd I saw the crowd was around Brahmarshi Patriji.	0
 sometimes interpreting English speeches into Telugu and sometimes stimulating the crowd with humorous comments.	1
Meditating on the flute music was a beautiful experience.	1
 When I saw a big crowd near toilets I decided to have breakfast first fearing that the food might finish if I make late.	0
 I discovered a beautiful Shani temple.	1
There is a beautiful statue of lord Shiva in Tapasthali.	1
 The views of the hills and the valley were beautiful.	1
 Patriji also mesmerized the audience with his beautiful songs and speeches.	1
 I was quite impressed to see such a big crowd coming from different parts of the country.	1
The road to Sangam is always fascinating with large number of mayflower trees on both sides of the way – as if ready to greet all the visitors.	1
 I was really enjoying the scenic ‘pleasures’ and was thinking about my next journey from Gonnikopal to Kutta which was around 36 kms.	1
 I spent some time noticing the local crowd and their styles.	1
" After spending a few ‘gazing moments’ at the ‘Coorgi beauties’ (as people may not know,"	1
The drive from Gonnikoppal to Kutta was perhaps one of the ‘most scenic’ bus journeys I’ve ever had.	1
" The entire journey seemed to be the same through ‘estates’ and finally around 3:30pm the ‘Green Beauty’ (Eventually,"	1
" Though Irpu was a small waterfall compared to the ‘mightiest’ I have seen in India,"	1
" What a beautiful place it was and if you were there with your ‘sweetheart’,"	1
 As I could see some Jackfruit trees around ‘showcasing’ some mighty ones hang.	1
 When we came back the next day we discovered it's multiple beautiful rooftop terraces and - our favourite element - an indoor swing!	1
" if slightly chaotic appearing,"	0
 I'm so impressed that Sagar can drive here - I think that's why he's such a calm guy in Toronto.	0
 we took a walk around the beautiful grounds.	1
" There were so many beautiful lush bushes,"	1
" There was a big waterfall that you could sit under,"	1
 will traffic be OK.	0
 but that was enough) with some little hooligans over by a GIANT tree that we wanted to take a picture in.	1
 no one is able to go very fast in the bad traffic so I feel like if we got hit we wouldn’t get TOO hurt (my mom just had a heart attack when reading that).	0
 but the crowd was waning and still nothing had happened.	0
 but it was a fun atmosphere and the view was great.	1
You will see nice hills view when you are on the hills 5 kms before Muthathi.	1
 The trees and environment will look like any hill station.	1
 We could see the beautiful black granite stones on the river bed and walk over them.	1
"The cows and bull s in Muthathi are very beautiful having extremely long horns (more than 2 feet),"	1
While in Muthathi we saw a crowd carrying some god on their shoulders for visharjan (dipping in water).	1
 The god was sitting on a tiger and the crowd was screaming as “Govinda.	1
The river Kavery in front of the temple is extremely beautiful (picture below).	1
- Hills view 2 kms after Bheemeshwari towards halagur.	1
 The road climbs steep on the hills with hairpin bends and gives a beautiful view of the valley (picture below).	1
Muthathi like many other Kavery water spots look very calm and quiet.	1
 At least traffic is way reduced at night time.	1
 you are still not experiencing the level of chaos that was experienced that afternoon.	0
" Sagar's family had purchased all of us beautiful Indian clothing for the wedding,"	1
" because it had long sleeves and here arms were COVERED in terrible mosquito bites from Dehli,"	0
 There was a traditional band playing in the corner and Sagar and Deepa were on a beautiful stage with flowers all around.	1
 Everyone was dressed beautifully in outfits shimmering with every colour of the rainbow.	1
 one of the largest Tibetan settlement in India and the beautiful monasteries around.	1
In next 10 minutes I was enjoying the beautiful and clean city streets of Mysore.	1
 The road between Hunsuru to Kushalnagar took almost an hour and half and was so scenic that I was enjoying every bit of it.	1
" I found a bit of a crowd here as being a public holiday,"	0
 A typical South Indian crowd who really got messed up this place with any other Hindu Temple and was trying a make a fuss here.	0
I love visiting monasteries mostly for the peaceful environment and tidiness which really a 'big miss' in any other Hindu Temple.	1
peace and harmony' which I may have longed for years.	1
" The idea was to start our North Karnataka tour from Karwar with plans to enjoy about 2-3 hours of para-gliding and other beach activities at Deobagh Resort,"	1
 what is bad for ecology and pollution and noise creation and vehicle maintenance?	0
 you could hardly see deep inside or get the apparently excellent view of mountain valley side.	1
"Angini mountain top,"	1
 Even the dining area offers a separate floor sitting area under the trees and lined with cushions where you can have old Indian style floor sitting lunch / dinner.	1
 climb up this mountain is must as top offers a fantastic view of entire Hampi.	1
 you are taken inside by battery operated vehicle (to avoid pollution damage to sites) run by ladies only (all employed under Rural Employment generation Scheme of governement).	1
Badami was first when independent structures were yet to come and temples were carved out in mountains (5th Century AD).	1
 huge statues carved in the mountain side.	1
 will clearly hear it though the distance in between is as big as a football field and is totally empty.	1
" Unfortunately the crowd instead of whispering ,"	0
 The highway is totally congested with truck traffic and takes good enough more than 3 hours against our expectation of 2 hours.	0
 We got there about an hour before sunrise and we sat on Om beach watching it go up before finding a place to stay.	1
" but had to split the journey into 2 days due to significant traffic in Bangalore (yes,"	0
 Besides that I have been taking in the fantastic landscape that encases the ruined city; huge boldor-filled vistas over a beautiful river.	1
" Got up at 5 this morning and did a hike out and up this (quite small) mountain to a temple at the top,"	1
 The morning part of the drive was filled with beautiful scenery surrounding a relatively flat road.	1
" While the afternoon drive retained the beautiful scenery,"	1
" it also contained singificant mountain passes which while not be signifcant for a 4-wheeler,"	1
 a breathtaking view of the Malnad hills was visible from the room itself.	1
later we thanked him numerously for driving us to one of the most beautiful but still less explored waterfalls which was not planned earlier.	1
 I really don't have words to describe the beauty of this place.	1
 As we had your 'soul' filled with the beauty of Hebbe that we could have continued for the rest of the day.	1
 But the beauty of Hebbe took us to 'sweeping feet' that we reamined much of 'silent pranks'.	1
reached Bababudangiri and drove further to Manikyadhara view point.	1
 the breathtaking view of the Chikmagalur Valley from Manikyadhara view point was 'woth' a visit to this place.	1
I was hearing a noise of a wild stream and was trying to judge the source of that noise.	1
Hesitantly we started following that noise and after climbing further down about a mile the surprise was unfold.	1
 we had plans to experience one of the most scenic sunset amongst the Malnad Hills.	1
drove all the way from Pune to this place to enjoy the beauty of Malnad hills.	1
 The pond is full of beautiful lotus.	1
 From near the temple you can have a good view of the hills and places around.	1
 You can have a nice view of the hills from this place.	1
 You can see beautiful rocks and nature around.	1
" tree of life,"	1
 While going down to the water we came across a beautiful spot.	1
There is one beautiful temple in front of the Hanuman statue – known as “Sita Rama Bhakta Hanumanta Temple” (picture below).	1
 more traffic and more cows.	0
 which offers a relatively peaceful oasis in the middle of the crazy and crowded old city.	1
 It manages to balance perfect simplicity with the most elaborate detail and is far more beautiful than I had imagined.	1
 it was a beautiful place to spend the afternoon.	1
" Climbing the 'Heaven Piercing Minaret',"	1
 gave us a spectacular view over the city.	1
We arrived in Delhi on the 25th of Feb after a pretty scenic flight from Kathmandu.	1
 The most beautiful building I have ever seen and so much bigger than you expect it to be.	1
 chaotic and unbelievably polluted.	0
The last stop on our whirlwind tour of Rajasthan was Jaisalmer (getting there involved an incredibly hot crowded 6 hour bus journey with no toilet or food stops.	0
 We head off to Hampi tonight before making our way down to the beaches of Kerala.	1
Mysore is a beautiful clean city—lots of gardens.	1
" God of trees or rain,"	1
"The train from Goa to Hampi was so full of foreigners that the beggars who routinely come by must have thought they'd hit the jackpot – on second thought,"	0
" I generally ignore beggars or try to politely and sympathetically tell them no,"	0
much to worry about there – the only thing that was slightly dismaying about the bike was the horn; it sounded like a pathetic whisper which is NOT what you want your horn to sound like in India on these roads.	0
 You want a horn that goes “HEY MOVE OUTTA THE WAY I'M COMING YOU BETTER MOVE YOUR ASS OR ELSE I'LL RUN IT OVER!	0
" Our horn was like a little goat bleating “um,"	0
 I met the people that made the experience what it was and was shattered when I had to leave Delhi and the kids I was working with and the little peaceful enclaves I found there.	1
" you are one of the most stellar spirits I have ever met – thank you for your beautifully kind words as I was leaving,"	1
 The building is supposed to have superb acoustics so we are going there early in the morning to avoid the crowds to check this out.	0
Yes the Gol Gumbaz does have excellent acoustics I could hear the Russian tourists making silly noises from every direction at once.	1
"A world heritage site and only a small crowd of visitors how refreshing,"	1
 The down also has the lovely Agastyatirtha tank with the gorgeous Bhutanatha Temple jutting out from its shore but the real attraction here are the caves.	1
temples and would have enjoyed these more if not for the large crowds swarming all over the place.	0
Saturday dawned hot and cloudless (when is it anything else) so we headed out to the Royal Enclosure visiting major sites such as the Queens Bath and Zenana Enclosure and the beautiful Lotus Mahal.	1
 We ate a couple of ice creams to try and combat the heat before followed the beautiful Tungabadhra River back towards Hampi Bizarre.	0
There is something very strange about beach destinations.	1
 hiking up and enjoying the view from the top.	1
right next to the beach for 2000 rupees/night.	0
 We walked the kilometre from the beach to the bus stop and took the local bus to Udupi (Rupees 30 one way).	0
 We explored the place and took a short dip in the water as it was crowded in the weekend.	0
 The view of the island and coast from the topmost part of the island was enchanting.	1
" all the traffic takes place on the water,"	0
" hiring houseboats (beautiful and luxurious boats,"	1
 I have never seen mosquitoes this size.	0
" and the pile of dead mosquitoes around our seats was getting bigger and bigger,"	0
 so quiet and so far away from any life.	0
Following Diego's recommendation we took a tuk tuk to the Om beach (it got its name following the fact that the beach is in shape of the Indian sign for “om”).	1
" walking over Cudly beach and walking over yet another hill – about an hour's walk),"	1
" as Om beach is full of “free spirits” and new age hippies,"	1
 it wasn't weird to see people doing yoga on the beach early in the morning.	1
 he built a summer palace in beautifully carved timber (Daria Daulat Bagh) only two kilometres from the Gumbaz (tomb) where his body is interred.	1
 the views were great from the top.	1
" it was more intricately carved and the interior had bats and beautiful sculptures,"	1
 they offered us a choice of rooms and we were upgraded to a club room with a view of the arabian sea.	1
 entry to the resort also came with snacks and we spent some time at the coffee shop overlooking the beach and viewed some of the rooms and then got into the water.	1
 we then left for someswara beach which was a rocky beach.	1
 we saw this beautiful sunset and returned to the hotel after a detour to see the docks.	1
" We definitely underestimated the curiosity and excitement of the Indian population when seeing us drive around in a rickshaw,"	0
 Outside the airport it is (like everywhere) extremely loud due to the much traffic that wants to go to or away from the airport.	0
""""" One riksha man was offering us to bring us to the beach for 10 Rupees."	0
 crazy traffic and left traffic.	0
 You dont disturb the animal with your noisy vehicle and can see more animals.	0
 It took around 1 hour to dodge the traffic and get out of the city.	0
 but got very disappointed by the crowd and the clouds.	0
"I am taking you to a very scenic and dense canal,"	1
 At some places the mangrove trees covered and created a thick shed above that you barely could see the sunlight.	1
 The first few blocks by the seafront contain some nice looking French colonial style buildings and the streets in this section are noticeably less chaotic and chocked with traffic than the blocks that follow behind (which are just like any Indian town i.	1
" it was still a beach and we were pleased to be by the coast again,"	1
 especially as we had anticipated the beach in Mamallapuram would be an open human toilet rather than something usable.	1
" I’m not a massive fan of complaining in restaurants and typically take the British view that it’s best to smile and pretend everything was great,"	0
" I'm in a gorgeous little town,"	0
 Had to be carfull not to leave anything unattended or the next thing you know theres a monkey up a tree wearing your Y fronts on his head.	1
" It’s actually quite nice that you come to view things like a tuna sandwich (and a hot water shower) as a luxury,"	1
 The experience was somewhat reminiscent to the initial culture (and noise) shock I received when arriving in Delhi.	0
 chaotic and did I mention really bloody noisy?	0
 it felt like an Oasis of calm in a town/country of craziness.	1
" it did however have pretty decent views over the city,"	1
 rickshaws and cheap tat traders who were making an unholy amount of noise on the outskirts of the complex.	0
 first he tried to jam a huge bloody bag into the luggage rack which crushed everyone else’s belongings and then he immediately laid his seat back.	0
"Madurai is a surprisingly peaceful and a very clean city (compared to those in the North),"	1
 the food was quite good but the mosquitoes where menacing.	0
" The traffic here is light,"	1
30pm the last hour in the mountains was extremely picturesque and I saw a different species of Langur monkey which was a bit of a surprise.	1
"30pm we headed for the park where we were loaded on a noisy old bus and driven around for about thirty minutes and saw nothing,"	0
 so we were finally out and met a huge and persistent crowd of tuk tuk drivers.	0
"After experiencing the phenomenal views of the city from the fort,"	1
 its not just the temples you will find the finest beaches here in Rameshwaram.	1
1 day you can easily spend on the beach and 1 day visit temple.	1
 The train was late and traffic was bad because of Republic Day (Independence Day).	0
 Ignoring the dangers required complete faith in the driver plus a studied concentration on the beauty of the vistas.	1
 The views were stunning – folds of the earth clothed in greenery and swathed in what could have been translucent mist – but which was smoky pollution all the way to the top.	1
 The most thrilling view near the top was an almost vertical hillside draped with Flamboyants in bloom!	1
") Once we started it was quite exciting – the views alternated cut-banks and deep,"	1
 wide mountain vistas.	1
 We did walked around the temple and noticed many beautifully painted sculptures.	1
Chennai itself was a crowded city with horns blazing its way through just like any other cities in India.	0
 We got a room that gave us a view of the bonfire that the hotel arranged for all the guests.	1
 There was sign at the entrance to the park telling drivers not to blow thier horns so as not to scare the animals.	1
 Horn blowing while driving is like some form of tourettes here and no amount of signs is going to change that.	0
 tea plantations and mist cloaked forest.	1
" the chorus diminished as the deep orange sun rose directly in my view east,"	1
" we viewed carvings of the gods in what was called a cave,"	1
" Also in this complex of temples were beautiful carvings of a relaxed lion,"	1
" the crowds grew,"	0
"Gradually the view became more rural,"	1
" letting the peace settle into me,"	1
" We were allowed to view the special St Thomas cross,"	1
 we walked around the pure white neo-Gothic church shining beautiful in the sun.	1
" We rushed through the traffic of cars,"	0
 The beach wasn’t as crowded as I expected.	1
" The pattern of weather was obviously from the northwest as most of the snow was on that side of the mountains in a scene of white and greeny-gray,"	1
 punctuated by the many horns of the many cars meeting the many passengers.	0
" we walked through the chaos understood only by the Indians to our full-size bus,"	0
 which drove into the fairly quiet streets of Chennai.	1
 It's pretty un-India in that there is less traffic and noise than usual and there are lots of old churches and Dutch and Portugese buildings instead of temples.	1
"Most beautiful sunrise,"	1
 she is still dreaming big about starting up a little farm and community for women where they can escape and live in peace away from abusive marriages.	1
" a reeeeeeeeeeally touristy beach resort that,"	1
" a huge and gorgeous temple to the goddess Meenakshi and the god Shiva,"	1
" mountains in the distance,"	1
The unbelievably intricate and gorgeous statues on the entranceway to the Madurai temple.	1
 so Vishnu got all dressed up like a beautiful woman and went to seduce Shiva.	1
"So the trains are crowded but no less fun and intense,"	0
 After the night at the beach in Goa I decided to make 100km again.	1
 And the more I was coming to the South the more noise was on the street.	0
 I was surprised to have no problems with mosquitos there but now I have to hurry up every evening to build up my tent to flee away from them.	0
 But in general it is very crowded along the coast in Kerala.	0
 My RoughGuide says it is the most denelky populated region in hole India.	0
 And then the horrible noise of the crazy honking of everybody.	0
 but the noise I cant get used to it.	0
 The mosquitos annoyed me muchso I couldnt sleep.	0
 I dont know if I had such steep mountains so far.	1
 the animals are running away by such a noisy boat going along the lake.	0
" not so crowded and you easily find sleeping places ?? In restaurants the food is served on palm leaves,"	1
 seemed to be a famous beach by the locals.	1
