" Anankumar said normally the macaques will take the food by hand,"	1
" I asked a guy at one of the food stalls where I could get a bus to Agumbe,"	1
 Last but not the least was its multi cuisine complimentary breakfast which I did not want to miss.	1
 thousand of food stalls and what not.	1
opting traditional food in “Kamath Hotel”.	1
 Food was being served only at the restaurant and not at cottages.	1
 As I mentioned food was served only at the canteen.	1
 hence we did not expect any luxury comfort or delicious menu which was not available there.	0
 We saw Siddhappa carefully pouring our food to the tiffin carrier in the canteen.	1
" He served us hot food which includes Rice,"	1
"He served the hot food of Chapatti with Dal,"	1
 Enjoying food in such environment was unique and the satisfaction was inexplicable.	1
We had a refreshing lunch with hot food brought by Siddhappa.	1
 hence I did not expect any luxury comfort or delicious menu which were not available here.	0
 the Indian people and life in India but I was not finding it easy to achieve some things that are important to me around working in India… like eating healthy (Indian food is healthy… I just didn’t have time to cook it!	1
) and I tried to make the most out of the time I spent in it but taking 2 hours to go and do a 15-minute food shop when it’s 2km away… and 45 minutes to get to the gym when it’s 1km away wasn’t fun (I know I could walk… and I did sometimes… but not in the dark) and that’s on top of an already long working day.	0
 We sat outside in nice surroundings and the food was amazing… Indian style seafood!	1
Sunday night I got my final Inner Chef healthy takeaway!	1
 there were twelve bowls with different varieties of food and all of them were quite tasteful.	1
 Prices of food were quite reasonable.	1
 All of us enjoyed the splendid food to its best.	1
"Usually I take light food during my drive,"	1
" large no of restaurants have come up selling different varieties of food ranging from Punjabi,"	1
 Food was delicious and reasonably priced.	1
 They then helped me do my food shopping in Hypercity and carried it to Noor and the car for me!	1
" And Marcus and Elin getting me out for some food to an amazing Japanese,"	1
 That was really nice and the food was amazing… although I got a shock when I realised that the huge amount of food we’d just eaten was only the starter.	1
 snacks and other food items.	1
 There were various fish food items mentioned in the menu card.	1
 The food was extremely delicious.	1
 we suddenly saw a mild sound “miao” and two naughty healthy cats came out slowly from inside a food table.	1
"Apart from all kinds of food stalls,"	1
 It was a delicious treat at less than half cost.	1
I have come home to a home cooked meal 3 days this week… all Indian food made from scratch from Brian (can take 3-5 hours).	1
 a type of Dahl and Sweet & Spicy Balti Chicken.	1
One day we went out to dinner… Noor recommend the Monkey Bar which was another mash up of foods but again amazing… the prices of the dishes here often suggest they are small… when they are definitely not… we ordered 5 and after the 3rd had come I was thinking… this is really quite enough… but 2 more came.	1
 The MTR concept has boomed as a food business.	1
" They had an international food section with proper Heinz Baked Beans… a very interesting selection of eggs (eggs for the ‘heart’,"	1
" The food was like a fusion of Indian and American and it felt like a fancy sports bar (or even like Frankie & Benny’s) and was showing the IPL,"	1
" The food was incredible and very cheap,"	1
 who’d very kindly invited us around for delicious BBQ pork (got tips on where to buy meat).	1
 a large food plaza appeared.	1
" The food quality,"	1
Buffer and the food was simply sumptuous.	1
" The authentic Karnataka spread was simply delicious … Neer Dosa,"	1
 I must have had food poisoning or something.	0
 Birds get their food supplies from nearby waterbodies.	1
" food snacks,"	1
 It wds served fast food style in small yellow plastic bowls.	1
"Our dinner was home cooked food from the farm,"	1
 the quality of food was not upto the mark.	0
 The quality of food was not satisfying.	0
 Nature Light Home Stay has the best food and best hosts I have come across.	1
 people really friendly and the food was excellent.	1
 A menu list was hanging with various Kerala food as also beef.	1
 With burning stomach the food was extremely delightful.	1
 No lunch today except street foods at nearby stalls adjacent to the Lake.	0
 Feeling extremely tired Munia wanted to have the dinner in the hotel room but the food rates were painful.	0
" Food was served after a long wait nevertheless it was north Indian type,"	0
Night buffet dinner at the resort was quite costly (Rs.	0
 “Puttu” was one local tasty special variety.	1
" Large no of shops were visible in that area selling varieties of food items,"	1
 I had delicious dinner at the KTDC restaurant with “Kerala Curry Mean” with rice.	1
" The food was incredible as I had the fish thali,"	1
 It was delicous though may have set a crazy high standard for food over the next week.	1
 We were both stuffed after eating the mountains of rice they gave us but it was really tasty meal and cheap too.	1
" After finishing our food and leaving,"	1
"Our evenings in Hampi on the other hand were relaxing (after climbing a rock formed hill) and admiring the sunset (a must while here) or enjoying a beer and delicious curry meal from one of the roof top restaurants,"	1
 We tasted some delicious homemade laddoos.	1
 We love Tibetan food but there was no time to search for eateries.	1
" mouth watering Sea food delicacies,"	1
We stopped for breakfast at a famous south Indian food chain joint.	1
 no food joint found.	0
 This is when we started realizing our folly - it was REALLY difficult to cycle hard with oily food stuffed in our tummies.	0
"yummy food,"	1
 Light yet high calorie food is the way to go.	1
" the food is bland and unvarying,"	0
"topped with tempered spices) and vegetable shahajahani (vegetable curry) for lunch in Spicy Dine,"	1
" rasam (spicy tamarind broth),"	1
" gobi manchurian (spicy cauliflower stir-fry),"	1
"The main food of the festival is sakkarai pongal – a dish of the season’s first rice,"	1
" The food was surprisingly good,"	1
" rasam (spicy tamarind broth),"	1
" gobi Manchurian (spicy cauliflower stir-fry),"	1
" The meal was simple but delicious – an incredible vegetable biryani (a spiced rice dish cooked with vegetables),"	1
not carrying any food in our packs or leaving any food on the floor.	0
 For lunch we managed to get a table in the famous and delicious Queen's Restaurant in Church Street.	1
 received prasad (blessed food) and could quietly meditated.	1
 dirty street food stalls.	0
 food was decent and later we could sit along the river and enjoy the sound of frogs.	1
" Food is a bit expensive here,"	0
 really tasty and so cheap.	1
 It was delicious and we could even wash ourselves in the bathroom.	1
 we had more wonderful food for dinner before we simply relaxed in our room.	1
 All the food is grown biologically on the farm - and one can taste this.	1
 His quick answer was: food poisoning.	0
of my problems was not food poisoning at all.	1
" eating rubbish and whatever food westerners give them,"	0
" cook their own food and sit playing guitar,"	1
 After exploring some time and eating a delicious burger at mac-Donald I leave for bus stop.	1
" The zoo authorities do not allow one to carry plastics and food items as part of their new project scheme ,"	1
Food in south India consists mainly of rice.	1
" a spicy lentil based stew,"	1
" differnt spices are used but again served with chicken and gravy - there was salad at the table in the food house but I was not game enough to try it,"	1
 Chapattis are simple and delicious but the Parotta.	1
 but this would be to hard with my fingers covered in food as I become more accustomed to eating everything by hand without cutlery.	1
 keep repeating yourself and they'll bring you something yummy usually so not to worry.	1
" expensive supermarket for local standards but a must for western comfort food) so I finally made a delicious pork and fennel pasta topped with Granda Padano and plan to cook goat soon,"	0
" to a suburb called Frazier Town to try the special street food stalls,"	1
 It was so delicious and the stalls stretched for miles with most major hotels and food places bringing out their finest halal street food.	1
" It's becoming fun to try food now the stomach has adjusted,"	1
 even locals get food poisoning.	0
" I am really not used to eating semi solid food without chewing,"	0
 we made do with the train food of a fried vegetable cutlet in bread and a masala tea.	1
 The train was so busy with people walking up and down and the tea and food sellers moving up and down the train.	0
 we decided if we got on (after the stampeed of people) we would have to take it in shifts to sleep and not take any food or drink offered to us as it would most likely have some sort of sleeping drug in it so we would fall asleep and wake up very robbed.	1
Instead of heading back to Hampi we deceied to stay in Hospet and take in the authenticity of it all and thought the money we would save on going back and fourth to Hampi and difference in food cost would get us into the ONLY hotel in Hospet.	0
 We ate a delicious Thali meal which cost around £1 and was very filling.	1
 I think we have been eating lots of pure foods for a couple of months that our bodies could not handle the crap found in a Pizza Hut pizza.	1
 We stumble into the “food bazaar” in the basement – perhaps they meant food bizarre?	0
" Anyway for once we are pleasantly surprised that the food is edible and some 24 hours on the bowels remain closed,"	1
 The cafe is run by Nepalis and serves tasty food of the sort that saved our lives in Tibet where the local food was unspeakable.	1
" food stalls,"	1
 and give thanks that the bowels have held up after last night's delicious dinner – 1.	1
 We could not face the food bizarre downstairs.	0
 food not same prices not same but maybe similar”.	1
 The food tasted fine but nagging doubts about hygiene remain – fingers crossed and sphincter muscles tightened.	0
" all the time you hear a food wallah coming up and down the corridor singing what they sell Chaaaaaai or lassi lassi,"	1
"pani water then food calls biriyani,"	1
" We had breakfast muesli of a crude but tasty home made kind with big chunks of roasted coconut pieces,"	1
 The next morning after a delicious homecooked breakfast at our homestay we went up to Chamundi Hill.	1
 sitting enjoying a drink at the al fresco bar and delicious complimentary breakfast.	1
 The food was good too so we didnt bother to go out to eat ever.	1
 you will not get non-veg food and Alcohol which is both available on the other side of the river.	1
" he had a woman housekeeper who cooked and served the most delicious food,"	1
" a good selection of food and a great guy making the breads,"	1
 the fantastic food and the fact that Delhi Belly didn't pay us a visit is a big plus.	1
 I even tried street food and survived.	1
 Spicy food for breakfast was not such a good idea.	1
 You can opt to stay in main Hampi Bazaar or stay across the river where you can find better options for food as well as for lodging.	0
Typical Indian or specifically South Indian cuisine is available in most of the hotels.	1
 The lady who supplied the food felt so happy by seeing the way I was having it.	1
" Jainism is a sect of Hinduism that does not believe in eating food grown beneath the earth’s surface (nor do they eat meat – as most Hindus are vegetarians),"	1
 Pretty amazing for the last day in India – and the FOOD – to DIE FOR!	1
 The food was AMAZING!	1
"of different foods – Western,"	1
 The buffet lunches and dinners were lavish and extensive.	1
 We finally reached the place – and the food turned out to be awesome.	1
 The food of Chokhi Dhani which we always use to talk about which is very famous in Jaipur maintained the same standard and taste in Bangalore also.	1
 they have very nominal charges in which you get not only food but get to see really nice dances and activities.	1
for some food I got to the ground to be told there was no ticket office open and it was sold out.	1
On Saturday I got all my stuff packed and ready to go then headed into town for food followed by the cricket.	1
 I needn’t have bothered with the food as I was in a corporate stand and food was served between innings.	1
" The food situation only got better as we decided to splash out for our Saturday dinner and go to a beautiful hotel for an afternoon and evening of fruit platters,"	1
" With food like that,"	1
"And for the food update: Wednesday's lunch consisted of puri,"	1
"After all the seafood in the Andamans we are ready for some good south Indian food – Dosa’s,"	1
 The food and service are really good and reasonably priced.	1
 The options are a South Indian Thali & a North Indian Thali at a set price and not particularly a good advert for Mysore or Indian cuisine – enough said.	1
 One may have food in Lokaruchi (Kamat group) and visit Janapada loka just next to Kamat Lokaruchi.	1
" This delicious melt-in-your-mouth treat has a similar consistency to sugar cookie dough,"	1
 eating delicious food and seeing interesting sites: It was a good weekend.	1
 we walked around window shopping and ate lunch at a great little restaurant we found with generously portioned thalis and delicious homemade ice cream.	1
 They even made their food a little less spicy to help us along!	1
 food and schedule.	1
" and serve food to everybody,"	1
The gamy odours of raw filth that overlay the spicy aromas of street cuisine.	1
 Cows knee deep in street rubbish somehow eking out an alternate food source to grass.	0
there’s been lots of good food here but I didn’t realise we’d put that much weight on!	1
 We were served lots of tasty food and they were such good company even though the little one had a cold.	1
" the amazing food that I’ve eaten,"	1
 food is always offered.	1
 the traffic feels calmer and we can’t wait to eat the Mangalore food and see some of our old friends!	1
 The food here has been so amazing that I’m going to find my old diet at home very bland and boring.	1
"Vidya let me into her kitchen today to show me how she makes some of the South Indian cuisine I have been enjoying here,"	1
" Although I was a bit worried that Indian food would be too spicy for me,"	0
 South Indian food has so much taste and variety and I will come away with lots of ideas.	1
 Everybody receives an individual assessment and their treatments and food are customised accordingly.	1
" food court,"	1
 The food has been particularly nice!	1
 They are strict vegetarians and have taken great care over preparing food without milk products for Nicola.	1
" Our hosts have been at pains not to make their food too spicy,"	1
The food all of my host families and fellow rotarians have prepared for me has been wonderful and I have really appreciated all their efforts to make sure the food is not too spicy!	1
 Enjoying this food a lot!	1
" enjoying more food and tea,"	1
 What they have to say gives us some food for thought at least!	1
 they seem to be looked after well and we are able to help feed them some of their daily food intake (and they take a lot!	1
 The food we eat is organic too and cooked on traditional fire stoves.	1
 Visiting all of these factories really makes outthink about how the food products we consume make it to our plate and how many miles they have travelled in the process.	1
 We get some good feedback and many of the questions are aimed at Emily in the agriculture sector and Nicola in the food area.	1
 The food is nice and we get to spend time getting to know the families.	1
 We were taken to Soans pineapple farm where I had pineapple more tasty than ever before!	1
 nothing is wasted as the broken nuts are used in food and sweet products.	1
 the food here is delicious.	1
 It is so interesting to learn about where our food comes from!	1
Today has mainly consisted of food and learning.	1
" We have all agreed that although the food is lovely,"	1
As ever here in India there has been LOTs of food and I managed to have 5 meals today!	1
Normally I don't have time for any breakfast back in the UK so this is a lot of food for me and could last me all day!	1
" It was absolutely delicious and just the right ammount of spice,"	1
 We then ate dinner in the same place and was a wonderful buffet which again went down only using the right hand to eat.	1
" There are around 1000 guests and while some quickly eat at the buffet outside,"	1
 then at 1 o'clock the food arrived.	1
" food and it is so built up that it was such a beautiful feeling just sitting on the sand with nothing,"	1
"The food is a LOT spicer than any of us were expecting,"	0
 but all of it is delicious and cooked from fresh.	1
 We are all learning to scoop up the food with our right hand (left hand for cleaning only!	1
 I lost all my cool and dropped the food I bought for them.	0
 and of Corse you can get some Tibet style cuisine prepared there in canteen.	1
 this monastery also features a retreat Centre for monks for intensive training with food and stay.	1
" That does not include food – which is cheap,"	1
" still isn’t a bad place for a holiday: the sea food is good,"	1
"c) Food: Every country has provided something exceptional (save Hong Kong where we know they have it,"	1
"Indonesia for the gorengan and Warung Bambu’s pelecing kangkung and bakso; Myanmar for its Shan and Mon cuisines; Sri Lanka’s veggie curries – yes,"	1
Bawa’s; and India is just simply food heaven.	1
 we set up and then were given delicious food.	1
 which served us delicious food on banana leaves.	1
" caught our complimentary breakfast of North Indian cuisine (fluffy rice pancakes that kind of looked like uncrustables,"	1
 and the occassional roadside food- or drink-stand.	1
 where we got to have a tasty buffet lunch.	1
 A thorough and solid declaration of my love for the deliciousness that is gulab jamoon (with ice cream) and for the man who first made it.	1
 Gulab jamoon is some sort of dough that has been rolled into a ball and then cooked in a sugar syrup until it has reached a level of tastiness that places it upon deity-status.	1
" They set up buffet tables on the slightly elevated dance floor,"	1
 The food was super-tasty--six types of desserts!	1
 and some tasty cookie-things whose name I can't remember.	1
" I'm also getting really good at eating with my hand properly--I've realized the trick is to scoop the food up with my four fingers,"	1
 then slide my thumb from my palm towards my fingertips to flip the food into my mouth.	1
" I'm an Indian-food-eating pro,"	1
" Like a lot of the fast-food restaurants on our street there are two floors,"	1
" which was a good choice because some of the dishes were a bit spicy and Slice is the best thing to cut spiciness,"	1
 On one hand I love the idea of eating my food with my hands.	1
" The park was definitely a tourist trap: there were food stands,"	1
" One of them was pacing next to a gate that either held food or a lionness,"	1
" Both were very good; the boiled corn was basically the same as in the states except for the tasty spice on it,"	1
 but also Fanta and the delicious non-carbonated mango drink Slice.	1
 Exact same breakfast buffet as described earlier (except I tried watermelon juice).	1
"The buffet breakfast was the same as yesterday,"	1
 buffet-style.	1
 and at the waiter's and Fae's suggestion (Fae is Iranian and so has experience eating similar cuisine) added in a side of curd (basically yogurt) to tame the capsaicin.	1
 I was getting a little full from the delicious food when I listened to someone talking next to me and realized that these were only the appetizers.	1
 There was a buffet next door with even more delicious food.	1
" dal (a tasty mush made of lentils),"	1
 I piled the sauce-foods on the rice-foods on my plate and took it back to my seat.	1
I'm happy of how I ate tonight because I think I ate this food in a proper indian manner.	1
 thought it was more food and popped one into my mouth before finishing my ice cream.	1
" The food was okay,"	0
" The quality of the food on both flights was about the same,"	1
"After about two hours of hanging near the back of the mob and chatting with friendly Indian people who told me foods to eat,"	1
" which served very tasty food for us,"	1
"After a tasty breakfast at Dynasty,"	1
 They served the hot food in the room.	1
 but we felt it was one of the best food we had recently!	1
" Even though we loved the food at the restaurant in the hotel,"	1
 Food was bit expensive but was tasty.	0
 similar food and sporadic packs of wild dogs (they're not dangerous.	0
 which included daily 3 times food and shared accommodation inside the pyramid valley.	1
 When I saw a big crowd near toilets I decided to have breakfast first fearing that the food might finish if I make late.	0
 The food area was near the amphitheatre (the program area) which was about half a km away from the toilet area.	1
 as it was a good compulsory exercise to digest the food and stay active.	1
" There were about six food counters (three starting counters and three repeat counters),"	1
 but there were endless queues near each food counter.	0
" Some wise foodies like me were taking the food plate and standing immediately in the queue near repeat counter,"	0
 finishing the food plate while standing in the queue.	0
" but shortly afterwards Deepa informed him that her mother was making a bunch of food for us in Havari,"	1
 I was somewhat dreading getting to Havari because I forsaw a whole bunch of food being placed in front of a very full me.	1
 but I knew I would regret that decision because it would prevent me from escaping from food consumption.	1
" They constantly put more and more food on my plate and I felt so badly having to refuse,"	1
 I hate it because food is so often a social thing and I frequently find myself feeling rude for having to decline food while others are just trying to be good hosts.	1
" The food was delicious,"	1
" People are always serving food onto our plates instead of just leaving a serving dish on the table,"	1
 We sat in a row along a long silver table and were served some pretty tasty curries on palm leaves.	1
" After a buffet lunch (at which I pretty much couldn't eat anything,"	1
" ate the delicious hotel breakfast,"	1
 (food has not been an issue on this trip!	1
 The buffet items stretched the entire wall length.	1
 we made it to the mall and all split up to acquire food and drink.	1
 and a spicy Chiptole-type sauce.	1
There is no food (no habitation) in Bheemeswari.	0
 They have a huge breakfast buffet every morning which is included with our stay.	1
" It's a neat mix of Indian foods and sort of western breakfast foods,"	1
 The food and service were fantastic!	1
After eating a delicious Indian buffet dinner we got a chance to give our blessings to the engaged couple.	1
"The booking includes all food (breakfast,"	1
 The food is on buffet basis and quality is Ok.	0
 The evening fish curry made from freshly caught Katla fish from the river was excellent with high local spicy tang.	1
" the resort is not in deep jungle as one expects it to be and second it is bit overpriced for the kind of facility and food offered (Rs 2,"	0
 food was great.	1
 Good food availability in Badami seems to be a big problem.	0
"Free food is provided twice a day,"	1
You are not allowed to carry your food to do picnic in Pyramid valley.	1
 you get free food twice a day there.	1
Besides there is a cafeteria where you can buy foods of your choice.	1
 One should better carry some food and drinking water for emergency.	0
The last stop on our whirlwind tour of Rajasthan was Jaisalmer (getting there involved an incredibly hot crowded 6 hour bus journey with no toilet or food stops.	0
" and I have the utmost compassion for every person who has ever asked me for money or some food (food I have given on occasion,"	0
 spicy love in my heart.	1
" I then accompanied Padraic to the basement restaurant where we consumed a spicy lunch consisting of chilli and other stuff before visiting some amazing Islamic fortifications,"	1
 had food and beer.	1
" The food was not quite to our taste,"	0
food and drink and spent the remained of the day relaxing.	1
" There is always food available (fresh,"	1
of the huge and yummy Nutella pancakes.	1
" the food here is great,"	1
 after the muhurtam and wedding we proceeded for lunch and the food was excellent.	1
 the food was very good in the hotel.	1
 which they later wore to dinner much to the chef's delight.	1
 The food is amazing and everyone has been adventerous at trying everything.	1
 that the food wasn’t bad.	1
" I ate at very few restaurants – I’m not as adventurous with food as I am with accommodation,"	0
" the food we did order,"	1
" It is so tasty and cheap and there are so many restaurants,"	1
Please carry your own food as options are limited.	0
 Overall I enjoyed my meal but was a bit underwhelmed considering the restaurant was supposedly the best in town and the cost of the food here was dramatically higher than the other restaurants in town.	0
 Unfortunately it was not to be a night of good food or quick service for that matter either.	0
 the food will probably be great I told myself.	0
" After a 45 min chat to the parents I returned to the restaurant to find that no food and only a few drinks had been served,"	1
 this food was not only terrible but also potentially dangerous.	0
 Especially when you consider it wasn’t just me who had a bad food experience.	0
 We had forgotten about the dreadful food and prior terrible service and were now very much having a great time.	0
" We did eventually get some food and very good it was too,"	1
 the street food taste as good as any restaurant food and elderly ladies hug you from behind in the line to the temple?	1
 the food was quite good but the mosquitoes where menacing.	1
" we discovered the joys of eating with your hands: your food is served on a banana leaf,"	1
 which became our main food supplier for the next 2 days.	1
 chapati – all so very yummy) and some curry.	1
" specific food available for breakfast,"	1
" than sit your ass down and the procession of men bringing individual food items begins: you get your banana leaf first,"	1
" which included delicious white fish,"	1
 We had lunch (typical south indian Thali) and it was absolutely delicious and cheap!	1
 and also my special chef (sous-chef he murmured once).	1
 my chef came around greeting guests and offered to make me another dish.	1
" I happily consumed a delicious dosa with turmeric-coloured potato salad,"	1
" The buffet lunch was good,"	1
 but we had been spoiled by some previous spectacular buffet meals.	1
 the chef brought out a birthday cake; I blew out a couple of candles and cut the first piece.	1
 one of the chefs showed me particular favour this evening.	1
 Breakfast was a plentiful buffet with many Indian and Western choices.	1
" large restaurant with an excellent buffet featuring a wide variety of Indian foods both vegetarian and non,"	1
"Mom and I stayed at the volunteers' flat and cooked a delicious dinner (well I cooked) of dhal,"	1
 It was a very relaxing 2 days but I was getting antsy eating non-spicy food (one of the downers of hanging around in major tourist hotspots) and so we left for Kanyakumari after 3 days.	0
" the food is still as spicy as ever and we are leaving tomorrow for Mumbai,"	1
Spicy love from Hindustan!	1
" not so crowded and you easily find sleeping places ?? In restaurants the food is served on palm leaves,"	1
